I read the Yelp reviews, and COULD NOT believe all of these people writing bad reviews.

I went there because I had an open mind, feel that people often exaggerate online, and it this place was covered under my insurance coverage.

For a little background: I go to the dentist every year, and in 30+ years I have been to dentists all over the country (Massachusetts, Connecticut, North Carolina, and Texas) and have never run into any issues with any dental practice.

The waiting times were average for a dental office (~15min or so), however, once I was in the actual dental chair I sat alone there for at least 30-45 minutes.

Initially, I felt positive as the dental technician with the blond hair was just wonderful, had a great personality, and was clearly happy with and dedicated to the work she does. After completing the series of X-rays, and waiting for their development, the technician re-appeared and told me that I had to have another set of X-Rays taken as a few of the first ones didn't work out (Yay! More exposure to X-Rays!). I have never had this happen with X-rays, ever.

When the actual dentist finally appeared after the second set of X-rays and another bit of wait time, she greeted me nicely and appeared to be a very nice and personable woman. At the start of the examination she told me about one "gap in my teeth" and asked if I wanted to get it fixed. As it was my first time at this dental practice, I didn't think much of this question and I told her "no thanks." However, throughout the rest of the examination and cleaning she made me feel incredibly self-conscience by repeatedly asking me if I "wanted to get it fixed," and commenting "I could fix that."  This happened at least 5 times, including times while I couldn't even respond while she was working inside my mouth.

To be clear: In all my 30+ years I have NEVER run into anyone ever commenting or pressuring me to "fix the gap in my teeth." 

For a professional dentist, she was completely unprofessional, clearly lacks social tact, and apparently does not listen to her clients.

The is the first time in 30+ years that I have ever decided to not return to a dental practice.