If I could give this place zero stars, I would. I have eaten there twice, once because it was across the street from my then-office and I needed lunch, and once because we were on the way to a football game and needed some dinner.

Both times the food was mediocre, at best. This place must only stay in business because of college kids who need a 24-hour place within stumbling distance.

The worst part, though, was the service the second, and last, time I ate there. We were seated for at least 15 minutes before the server even acknowledged our presence. Our drinks arrived a few minutes later, but no one came to take our order for another 15 minutes. Knowing that the first time I'd eaten here, I hadn't enjoyed my food that much, I asked the waiter what the specialties of the house were. He couldn't tell me. He asked me what I liked. I said, "I like food that tastes good." I don't even remember what he said after that, but I didn't get a recommendation. I ended up just picking something. 

After waiting another half hour for our food to arrive, a woman, who I can only guess was the manager/owner, told our server to check on our orders as tables of folks who came in at at the same time and after us had already finished their meals. The server ascertained that our order was not in the queue and assured us that he had told them what to prepare, and the kitchen was making it.

Eventually we got our food, and it was, as previously mentioned, nothing to write home about. I can safely say that my sandwich was among the worst sandwiches I've ever paid for, and the fries that came with it were limp, lifeless and...kind of cold. This after we'd been sitting there for at least an hour total. 

After we'd finished eating, we waited and waited, and had to ask for our check, twice. And then my dining companion had to stand up at the cash register to finally get the bill paid. I'd feel for the server if he had several big parties or something, but there really weren't that many people there.

If the food or the service had been stellar, I would have said that the City Cafe is a respectable establishment for what it is, but it was just a horrible dining experience all around. At least they serve Newcastle.