When Dr. Mindea entered the exam room 1 hour and 45 minutes late, he did not introduce himself, explain the lateness, or apologize. I had to ask him who he was. He looked at some discs I had brought for a couple of minutes, then asked me to walk on my heels, walk on my toes, step onto a ledge. He asked what caused (preceded the onset of) my pain and where it was. Then he proceeded to tell me that there was nothing he could do for me. I asked "But why did they do surgery before?" (three surgeries for stenosis, on all three levels of spine, two done at Stanford). His answer "I know nothing about that" (though he had all my records in front of him). Then I asked him how small my spinal cord had to be before surgery would be done (it is "severely stenotic" in several places on MRI, e.g. 5 mm across, and I am essentially unable to stand or walk). He said "No one will do anything until no 'white area' [spinal cord viewed on MRI] is visible at all. We only operate when the disk is gone and bone rubs on bone." (This is not my problem.) He repeated this information, about disks and bone-on-bone, slowly and with exaggerated patience. He told me that what I had, severe stenosis, was a "just part of aging, like wrinkles." Then he mentioned "You probably have a fracture." I asked him what I could do about that and he said "That's not my problem, is it?" (Numerous studies and practitioners have viewed my spine in the last two years, and I've heard nothing about a fracture.) At about this point, he picked up his dictation device and, as if to tell us it was over, began dictating in our presence. I listened as long as I could (he misrepresented what I had said, saying I'd sought a diagnosis from "several doctors," which is not true - only one other local neurosurgeon, who suggested I come to Stanford). That was my visit, aside from being sent to X-ray to confirm the fracture. I was left thinking that: every doctor I'd seen (the neurologist who'd done my EMG and told me that "this will get you surgery," the radiologists who'd read my MRIs and X-rays, my primary who referred me to Stanford Neurosurgery, my rheumatologist, and the one other neurosurgeon I'd consulted), were all crazy or incompetent. Plus I would be stuck in a wheelchair for the rest of my life, with severe back and buttock pain, unable to stand. Needless to say, I was devastated. A chaplain named Carol saw my tear-streaked face in the hall and took me aside to counsel with me. What on earth is going on at Stanford with this kind of "care"?