YUK!  Nice folks, terrible breakfast.  Here's why: when I got my taco's they were "black bean and bacon" and a "migas" taco.  First the black bean taco was boiled black beans (not refried) with no spices loaded on a soggy doughy tortilla with a 1 scant piece of nearly burnt crumbled bacon on top.  The Migas taco was half soggy tortilla chips cooked into eggs with soupy tomatoes and onions, again no flavor.  I think the one spice was paprika for color.  The tomato and onion in the Migas taco seamed pre-cooked as the onion was thin and translucent like from soup and the entire taco tasted like a bland canned stewed tomato + corn chips.

Now, I could understand getting some thrown together food if Arturos was a hotel and food was something the just did on the side.  BUT HOW CAN YOU PUT OUT BAD FOOD WHEN THIS IS ALL YOU DO!  If i seam upset it is because I am.  I grew up in restaurants and worked in them for many years later and I know it isn't hard to make decent food so when I blow $11 on bland tacos and a rare opportunity for a weekday breakfast with my girlfriend its a real let down.  

Aurturos here some advice on how to improve your food that is cost effective:

Beans: Since you are making it in large batches, to start roughly and quickly chop equal amount of onion and tomato and toss it in with your beans that you let soak overnight.  Then half that amount of seeded jalapeños and garlic, then half that amount of a spice blend of equal parts cumin and salt and one cheap beer and one handful of cilantro for every onion you put in.  Bam! Beans with flavor. 

Bacon, get a big oven tray, lay out thick-cut pieces and stick them in the oven.  This lets them stay plump, cook all the way and get browned without getting small hard and crumbly.  This will also save you tons of labor as you can set a timer and just have one person pop them in and out between doing other work.  If you want to make refried bean (which is the only thing you should be putting on tacos) take the bacon drippings and add them to some beans and blend.  Nothing wasted.

Migas:  NEVER PRECOOK YOUR VEGGIES, prep a mix of seeded and chopped jalapeños (yes you can get a seeding tool at restaurant supply that lets you do this fast [$5] so no excuses) chopped onion, chopped cilantro, sliced mushroom.  Get THIN TORTILLA CHIPs like Milagros, they don't get soggy and ON HIGH HEAT put them in the oil first, hit the chips with a season blend of equal parts: salt, garlic powder, cumin, paprika.  Then a hand full your veggie mix,  brown edges of veggies, then add egg and done.  

Anyone still reading this now knows this isn't hard and thus understands why it is so lame to get bland goofed up tacos.  Get it together Arturo's and if you wanna send me my $11 back reply to this review and I'll forward you my address.  Its the least you could do for the free cooking advice and bummer breakfast.