Ok, I'm going to preface this by saying that I am really really sick of bad haircuts so this review may be a bit harsh.

After chopping off over a foot of hair a few years ago, I kept my hair short while I had a stylist that I trusted. When she moved away and I eventually moved as well, I haven't been able to really find that "perfect match"

I went to Amyrose at Peter Thomas whose haircut I loved about 1.5months ago but it was time for that post-highlights trim to remove all the dead ends. I made the mistake of stopping at Maxi Hair on the way home "just to get a trim." 

NEVER again.

Hannah cut my hair and while it seems that other people on here absolutely loved her cuts, it seems like she has no idea how to cut shorter hair. I have been trying to grow out my hair for a few months and I specifically requested three things:

1) Keep as much length as possible-- i.e. just remove the split ends
2) I do not like blunt cuts so keep the A-line shape that I already have with a VERY minimal trim. I have a wider, square face and I tend to look like a block on a stick (my neck) when I get blunt cuts. REALLY unflattering.
3) DON'T touch my bangs because I decided I wanted to grow them back out.

What did Hannah do? Take off over 2" of length all around to give me a blocky, old lady blunt cut and she CUT MY BANGS before I had a chance to even respond. By the time I was able to yell "stop" the first chunk had already been shortened and it was too late to fix it. At that point she was like "oops I already cut them" and I had to let her even them out unless I wanted to go home with one section of bangs that was obviously shorter than the rest.

While the layers and the rest of the cut was fine, it was clear that the comprehension wasn't there-- what about "don't touch the bangs and don't give me a blunt cut" is so hard for a stylist to understand?!

Just to add insult to injury, after being told on the phone that there was a student discount of $5 for a haircut, I was told in person at the cash register that they don't honor student discounts for a haircut with Hannah! I also was told over the phone that blow dry is an extra $5 but I ended up being charged $10 at the counter.

In addition, after I was steaming about the lack of listening, the other lady at the counter had the nerve to ask me if I needed an eyebrow wax (while giving me the look that implies that she thinks I needed one) and if I was ever planning on fixing my roots.

That being said, if you've had your hair cut here before and you know and trust someone here, kudos to you, but as for me, I'll pay the extra $5-10 to go somewhere else. Yes, a $35 haircut is pretty moderately priced, but it's $35 too much for my current haircut. I wish I could reverse time a full 2 hours.