It breaks my heart to give this review. I was so excited that a shabu place was coming to Harvard. But the fare was so awful that we actually left about three bites into the meal, and I have never done that before. I've eaten shabu many times, most often at spots in Chinatown or Allston/Brighton, so this review is not out of ignorance.

Sushi: the salmon sashimi was cut wrong and from the wrong part of the fish. It was mushy, floppy, and had too much of that gray fatty skin on it. 

Shabu: The meat was awful (chicken dryer and beef way way tougher/chewier than at other shabu spots). The broth was NOT broth, but plain old fatty chicken stock. This gave the veggies and meats a bad flavor. The dab of soy sauce/tsuru was way too salty - it should have been much less salty and served more liberally.  

Service: They clearly don't have their game down. The meal came out in fragments - the meat came out about 10 minutes before the veggies, and the "broth" had been boiling away for some time when we finally got to start cooking. They gave us a single "broth" pot, rather than one with a divider. We asked to switch, and they did so right away. There were more servers than customers, and yet service was still slow, and a bit clumsy. 

Layout: The tables don't seem quite big enough for shabu. There were just 2 of us at a table for 4, but the food was cramped and took up the whole table, so we were reaching across the boiling pot and hotplate to reach the meat and veggies. Not sure how it would fit 4 people. 

Management: They were very concerned when we asked for the check, and asked lots of questions. We certainly appreciated the concern, and they actually didn't let us pay though we wanted to. After hearing what we thought was wrong with the meal, they explained it by saying that "they serve Chinese shabu, this is Thai shabu." But given that shabu is Japanese, we weren't really convinced. 

Goodness, I hope they get it together. I will be dropping cash here once they do**.
---
**Update: I will now be dropping cash at Shabu Ya, the other new shabu shabu joint that just opened up in Harvard Square. Take heart, shabu fans!