If you're lookin' for a combination of Olive Garden + Corner Bakery in Westwood than look no further...... Panini Cafe is the place for you. 

Location: Where the old Sushi Isshin used to be. Next to Pizza Express and Dennys. You can't miss it. 

Parking: If you don't have a District 11 Parkin' permit then you'll be subjected to the torture that is parkin' in Westwood. I'd park at Best buy and walk on over (Though, park at your own risk)... I live life by the seat of my pants so I'm bad to the bone by parkin' illegally at my old place of work. 

Decor: It's nice. My mom complained about how the seatin' wasn't that comfortable. She was sittin' against the wall with one of those wall seats... However, my sister didn't 

Appetizers: The Hummus Trio Dip thing is delicious. They give you small Pita bread and it was Uber-Tasty

Food: I got the Chicken Linguine entree. Pretty good. Good portion of food and they throw in some Salad and bread.

Price: It's kinda pricy. A typical UCLA student couldn't dine here 2 times a week. Maybe once every 2 weeks. 

Service:..... The service is not that bad only when it came to the bill. The main thing that annoyed me was when it came to the Bill there was this little issue with something called a Discount. Like a lot of places in the Westwood/Westside area if you show your Bruin card you get a 20% discount. Dennys, Hurry Curry, Volcano... All the same thing. If you show your Bruin ID you get a discount. Hell, I've been to Hurry Curry and didn't have my card and they let it slide and said it was cool. This is the only place I've ever been to which offers a UCLA discount with an ID card where every single person has to show their card. The server insisted that EACH INDIVIDUAL PRESENT A CARD. What the fuck? We're two ASIANS IN WESTWOOD. It doesn't get more UCLA than that? Why do we need to present a card for each individual? Have you had too many issues in your few months of existence with those Sneaky UCLA kids pawnin' their cards off to one another? So..... If we're a group of 4 Individuals eatin at your restaurant all 4 of us need to present our card? I didn't know that Panini Cafe turned into UCLA Powell Library at night? Who knew? At least if didn't show my card here I wouldn't get tased.....  I think it's in poor taste that for a family of two UCLA Bruins you couldn't just use one card. The mere fact that you made my Sister walk like 15 mins in her 4 inch heels just so she could get her card? 20% is a huuuuge price difference? It's just silly. This kinda overally put a damper mood at my experience here. I gave it a 2 star ratin' because in all honesty yes Overall.... It's not bad. If you're a UCLA student and have a card use it. If you have a trustfund and don't care about a discount than whatever.............. "Meh. I've experienced better" and that's all I have to say about that.