Oh man...what an experience I had with El Torito. Here's the story. We walk in and are told that we need to wait for a table. So we're patiently waiting, and then we notice a woman bitching out the staff there, because she noticed that there were many open tables, but she was still being told to sit and wait like we were. I later realize that they're not seating us not because there aren't available tables, but because they were short on staff and they couldn't handle having more tables occupied by patrons. Anyway, we finally sit, I order a beer and my girlfriend orders a mango margarita. After a long time of waiting for our drinks, the waiter comes back and asks us what we ordered again. We tell him, and he apologizes and says it's because apparently he's like the only waiter working the whole restaurant that night or something. Anyway, we get our drinks, and my girlfriend's is a white color...definitely not mango. We tell them this and they come out with the proper mango margarita and tell us that the other one is free...so my girlfriend is sitting there with 2 huge margaritas in front of her. So then we order our food and it is decent, we're eating...and all of a sudden a busser walks by, heading to the kitchen holding a tray of dirty dishes. However, he doesn't realize that the tray had a spilled Coke on it, so basically as he was walking by he was splashing Coke on the people in my row, including my girlfriend. Not only that, upon realizing that he is splashing people with Coke, he doesn't even apologize, but instead just places extra napkins on each table for us to wipe ourselves off with. Are you kidding me?? A guy sitting on another table alerts the manager about the Coke splashed on him and the manager tells him his entree is free. I decide to call him over and speak my mind too, and so my girlfriend gets her entree free as well. Later, as we are about to leave, a guy who just started eating in a table next to us says in horror: "Oh my God, my chicken is raw!" At this point we decide to escape this nightmarish experience and go home. This place would normally get 1 star, but I decided to be nice and bump it up because we did end up getting a free drink and meal that night, and I'm cheap like that.