My girlfriend and I were very excited to experience Henrietta's Table during Restaurant Week. We previewed the prix fix menu and thought the offering sounded the best out of any of the local spots that were participating. We even checked the rating on Yelp and came to the conclusion that it would be a good bet we would be treated to an excellent dining experience. With the exception of the dessert (she had the bread pudding and I had the cheesecake) we were severely underwhelmed. We also couldn't get reservations until 9pm. When we got there, the only full tables were the patio seats. Pretty much the whole inside dining room was empty, leading us to believe they had a certain amount of tables set aside for guests of the hotel. Had we been able to get reservations earlier, our experience might have been different.

Let's start with the apps. My greens and smoked salmon was a decent but not fantastic opener. She had the crabcake which was definitely better. The crabcake had enough fresh cooked crabmeat to make it different than the traditional offering, but also had enough flavor to be noteworthy. Smoked salmon is still smoked salmon, even when you add what is supposed to be a bacon seasoning which I didn't taste at all. I guess I was expecting naively that I would be getting something a little more inspired based on the menu description. 

From there the meal took a severe nose dive. I ordered the lamb shank in a port wine reduction with a side of roasted potatoes. Roasted potatoes are hard to mess up, but HT did. I was given a generous helping of dry and under-seasoned things. The lamb was so drenched in the port wine sauce that it could have been roast pork I was eating and I would not have known the difference. Lamb is one of the more flavorful meats but when you drench it in a sauce that would overpower the flavor of calves liver, you know you have gone down the wrong culinary path. My girlfriend's salmon was dry but tasted decent enough. The flavor wasn't abundant but it was there.

We finished off with the chocolate bread pudding and the amaretto cheesecake. These desserts were both great and by the second bite, I was thinking that we had just bought $33 desserts. The bread pudding as rich as it was still packed a whole lot of chocolate and banana flavor that would have been finished to the last bite had we been enjoying ourselves more. I really liked the cheesecake as it wasn't too heavy but was creamy and tasty. -I was searching for the amaretto flavor, but decided it was amaretto by default by the top coating of thinly sliced roasted almonds.

Our drinks were also a factor in the rating. I ordered a spicy margarita. Spicy, no. Margarita, maybe. It ended up being a watered down version of a margarita with a hint of tequila and no evidence that the bartender gave consideration to the drink menu. Her mead manhattan sounded good in theory, but really just tasted like a weakened sangria-tini. Oh well, might as well try something new once in a while right? 

Henrietta's Table should be fantastic, but if it is we missed it that night (a Tuesday).  Apparently brunch is the recommended time to go, so maybe we went at the wrong time. For the price and the reputation, we expected much more.