Now I understand why some girls cry after hair cuts...somewhat.

My hair was getting a bit long so I decided to be adventurous and try this place. One of my friends goes to this place regularly. His hair comes out pretty good and I always notice when he changes it up. Another friend went here and her hair was ok (she basically got a trim) and they blew out her hair. not bad.

So I come in and they are actually pretty nice up front. It wasn't too busy and I got a "stylist" right away. Yes I used air quotes!! I told her I wanted a trim. She kinda gave me some tips on how to cut my thick wavy frizzy hair. Of course I said that's fine. I mean, I always put my hair up and on her card it said master stylist....hmmm. 

Anyway, she washed my hair and did some trimming. While she is cutting my hair she tell me about this procedure that would make my hair straight and really awesome, how much you say? $$450 bucks$$ How long does it last? 2-3 months!! 

When she finished doing her thing, she started to blow dry my hair, and then told me that she could do it half way or all the way dry, but my hair would be fluffy. OF COURSE...you guessed it! I opted for half way. She dried it for what seemed like than 5 min. At my other place it takes at least 2 people 7-10minutes to completely dry my hair, that's the magnitude of fierceness people! I digress... 

She put some spray of product in my hair and showed me the mirror. It looked like my hair was more pufffy and frizzy than when I came in. She told me I shouldn't put my hair in a ponytail..Ok you're the master lady. She gave me her card and a print out of the expensive ass procedure she mentioned. I paid and tipped her and was on my way. I know I should have said something. But I'd expect them to know hair more than I would. 

The worst part was walking to baby Gap which is almost next door to the salon. I caught a glimpse of my hair in the mirror, and I looked like some kinda crazy! I could not put my hair back up in a ponytail any faster!!! I tell you guys, NO STYLISTS SHOULD HAVE LET THEIR CLIENT WALK OUT OF THEIR CHAIR LIKE THAT! If you want proof or a laugh just ask me for the pic I took not 5 minutes later at Gap. I'll gladly provide it to you. HORRIBLE. I wanted to cry. TEARS!! 

Seems like a very big hit or miss here from the reviews I read. However, I will not be back...ever!