I had heard this place was started by the cafeteria chef at Google, and after last night, I can see the connection.  The food does remind me of cafeteria food, that is somewhat more inspired than say, a hospital.  The food is over-priced and does  not deliver.  I ordered a grilled crispy chicken salad that was supposed to come with butter lettuce, radicchio and blue cheese dressing, and bacon, in that order.  The radicchio was very much predominant, which made the whole thing very bitter and I was actually unable to eat it.  The blue cheese dressing was more aptly blue-cheese flavored dressing, at a stretch, since it was the consistency of non-fat milk, and there was not a speck of blue cheese to actually be seen, let alone a chunk.  It tasted like watered-down Wish Bone from a bottle.  When I told the waitress that the salad was actually awful, she argued, telling me that "some people like it."  After she realized that I was not going to eat it, she offered to replace the radicchio with butter lettuce.  I should have held on to the chicken, which did initially live up to the description, crispy, thin sliced breast meat.  On the return, the chicken was underdone, in some places pink, so it was slimy.  

My son's meal, a vegetarian dish was as he described it, reminiscent of a cafeteria.  Or something that his roommate might have thought of and made as a thoughtful gesture.  The predominant ingredient was tofu, which was cooked to a rubbery consistency, so that it was difficult to cut or otherwise consume.  It was a large cube.  My husband's hamburger was ok, but when we got the bill, it was nearly $100 for what was essentially snack food for three, no real entree with say a large cut of meat to justify that tab.  Our drinks were not to blame, two of us had house mineral water, and the third, a single beer.  

In terms of the atmosphere, it was very noisy.  Had I not known better, I might have thought that we stumbled into a party for some toddlers.  We were seated in what I called the kid section, the location in front of the kitchen where there are long tables, that were full of young, unhappy diners.  My guess is that they did not like the food either.  I have no problem with kids, but apparently Friday night is the night to go out with the family in Palo Alto. 

Finally, about the service, the waiters are friendly, though largely unskilled.  An example, all the appetizer plates were cleared before the duck dumplings were gone, and we had to protest that being taken away.