Get the kale n' cuke lemonade! I've been craving it since!

Came here for a late dinner on a Tuesday night. I love vegan food, but there was something a little bit off about the food here - it felt kind of bland and uninspired, even though tastewise, the food was decent. The portions are very generous but the food is just kind of boring (albeit filling). 

The chopped vegetable salad falls into this boring category... it was fresh and healthy but just had chopped carrots, peas, peppers, and tomatoes. At least the avocado was somewhat redemptive.

The TV dinner is an attempt at comfort food - the whole dish looked pretty unappetizing, and though the tempeh loaf turned out to be pretty tasty, it wasn't particularly impressive.

If anything, the macro plate / real food bargain was probably the best dish, and I would definitely order it again. It's a HUGE portion of food that could be split between two not-totally-starving people. It includes a pretty decent vegetable miso soup, corn bread with tahini miso spread (the cornbread was hearty but a bit on the drier side - also different from conventional cornbread in that it's made of brown rice), as well as a huge plate brown rice, arame seaweed (so good), steamed veggies (boring but then again they're veggies), garbanzo beans, a delicious cabbage salad (somewhere between cole slaw and sauerkraut), and pickled beets! A lot of good flavors, a lot of healthy ingredients, and more than enough food to go around! I did like that there were so many choices for dressings and ALL of them were very good (I liked the cilantro lime and the Thai peanut a lot). 

The service was a bit slow and disorganized, but at least our waitress was nice and acommodating. Given the number of vegan-friendly places in LA, I'm not sure I would come here again, but the food was pretty decent and fresh. Conclusion: this place is good for a healthy and clean meal, but it might not blow your socks off. If you go, get the Real Food Bargain and the lemonade!

(On a side note, we had a strange experience while dining - three elderly people seated nearby us came to our table, started commenting on our food, and then asked if they could take pictures of our food... we said yes, mainly because it would have been difficult to say no - but it was strange and a bit annoying to say the least!)