The atmosphere at this restaurant is just horrible.  The food is not bad, but is absolutely not worth the lines, crowds, and generally unclean, dingy environment.

I have been here twice (I don't know why I went back the second time) and both times I have had to sit near a large table full of at least 15 tweens who were loud and obnoxious.  Loud and obnoxious is basically the environment at this restaurant.  

I have never had the urge to drop a $20 on the table to cover drinks and just walk out of a restaurant until my second trip to this dump.  My party of four had to sit at a table near the sauce station.  The extremely slow moving line and traffic from the sauce station basically had our dirty table surrounded by people on both sides.  It just isn't pleasant to try and eat with your face sitting at butt-level with a bunch of people who for some reason find the lines and crowds acceptable.  

On this same trip we decided to leave after having a salad.  The line was just horrendous.  The salad items are the same items you put in your food -- so I sat about 5 minutes waiting to get to the cucumbers -- which were just five feed down the line from where I was standing.  After that wait, and seeing the line grow just to get to the first stage of items to put in our bowls, we decided it wasn't worth the wait.

I am not typically picky about food or the atmosphere of restaurants.  But I will never go to this place again and I encourage you to not go to this restaurant.  If you are a tween going out with 20 of your best seventh grade friends, then have at it.  If you are above the age of 18 you will probably not enjoy your time here, especially if it is busy.  The layout of the restaurant is just not designed for the kind of crowds that come here on a weekend night. 

I have been to a number of Mongolian barbeque style restaurants, but none as bad as this.  You have to wait in line to get in, wait in line to fill your bowl with food, and then continue to wait in line to get a spot at the grill so somebody can cook it in front of you while you stand around and wait.  

Please do all of us a favor and don't give this place any more business.   They are taking up valuable space in Harvard Square that a more worthy Mongolian Barbeque could better fill