"Great Name, Mediocre Sandwiches"

Despite growing up in Ann Arbor, I never ventured inside this deli which marks the end of a long string of restaurants running along South U that cater to students. With such a grand sign in those great two colors, I had to give it a try before I completely moved out of town. When a 4-star average on Yelp, I had pretty high expectations going in.

Unfortunately, these expectations were not met, and my overall dining experience was mediocre. I got a Georgia Reuben, a sandwich I have enjoyed many times from Zingerman's and Dimo's.

For the same price, at Dimo's I can get a sandwich that's twice as big and frankly twice as good. I wonder if the high average of M&B is due to the fact many of the students reviewing it have never ventured out to Stadium. I'm amazed by how many people here are raving about the size of the sandwiches...I peaked at the couple next to me and there's were also the same size as mine...while they pack in a decent amount of meat, I wasn't even completely full and needed to grab a slice of pizza a few hours later. Dimo's has never failed to completely fill me up (you get chips in addition to a pickle there). Zingerman's Georgia Reuben or Tom's New Job, while far more expensive so perhaps not a fair comparison, are still far superior sandwichs.

Ultimately a lot of this comes down to ingredients. Both Dimo's and Zingerman's use their own bread...while Dimo's bread isn't world-renowned like Zingerman's, its still huge and guaranteed always since they make it themselves. M&B's bread was mediocre bread-aisle bread. Meh. For a Georgia Reuben, having crisp bread is key.

I didn't feel the other ingredients blended that well together. While the turkey wasn't by any means bad, it lacked its own taste...it just felt bland. The cheese wasn't well melted and the Russian dressing sauce was lacking. It mainly felt like I was using bread to eat a lot of turkey with my hands. For the price I paid, I was expecting a more holistic sandwich experience.

The place itself is nice enough; its small, with the menu taking up an entire wall and a TV in the corner. Props to them for offering so many types of sandwiches. The service was fine--they bring the sandwich to you which is a nice touch.

I would appreciate it if the sandwiches were larger, ingredients (esp bread) were better, sandwiches were warmed/cooked more, and came with chips. That's a lot to ask for. Would I return? Probably not. There are too many other great options on South U to pass up, and if I want a sandwich, I'll head over to Dimo's or Zingerman's.

Go blue though!