For 4 years I hopped between optometrist, looking for the one who is a perfect fit (ha) for my windows to my soul. EyeQ got two visits out of me. I saw Dr. David Luria during both trips.

Back in 2004 I was an contact-lens-only wearer. Things went well - appointment, exam, payment. If you wear contacts, you know that in order to purchase lenses with other vendors, you have to submit numbers like lens power, base curve, etc. As I paid, I noticed that the numbers were different on two separate documents they handed me - both written by Dr. Luria. I pointed this out, and one of them said:

"Oh, don't worry about it -- here I'll just fix that," 

and randomly grabbed one form to change the numbers to match. To this day I don't know if he picked the right one. No one called for Dr. Luria; didn't seem like they cared, either. 

In 2007, I returned, after trying a couple of other doctors in the area and not feeling the right vibe. Despite the above, I remembered that the EyeQ guys were extremely nice, so I decided to give them another try. I had also finally decided to get a pair of glasses, and these folks were notorious for having interesting frames that didn't make you look like a Level 56 Nerd. So I walked in on the day of my appointment:

Counter folks: ".... hug everyone!"
Me: "Mm? You guys giving out free hugs?"
Counter folk: "Um. SURE!"
*HUGS*

So by now I was thinking, aw, I'm home. I then said, "I'm looking for glasses that, how do I say this, uh, NOT make me look even more Asian."

And they totally got it. So some pairs were tried and I found my glasses, which I like (don't love - but like enough to wear, which is quite an accomplishment) to this day.

Going well so far! Next: appointment w/ Dr. Luria. He performed a few tests, and said he would like a follow-up test in a couple of weeks, that he was concerned about one of the test results. We scheduled that. 

Two weeks later, we did the test again. 

"Looks great! Results are much better. There is one more thing," and he went to put some eye drops in my eyes for reasons I can't recall. At which point he stopped short and said, looking a bit startled,

"Oh. Did you have contact lenses in during that whole test?" (The test two weeks ago was sans lenses. I considered bringing this up, but decided he was going to be staring at my eyeballs all through that test, therefore would see them, and deduced he wanted them to stay in.)

"Um, yes."

"Oh. Well, we should have taken them out for the test."

No mention of re-testing. I was given the eye drops, sent home. I never went back. 

So, here's an OPTOMETRIST who FAILED TO SEE THAT I'M WEARING CONTACT LENSES THROUGH AN EYE EXAM. I don't even have a good metaphor for this to try and be funny about it. (Mechanic not seeing the car cover? Designer wondering why clothing fits funny when the model is already dressed?)

EyeQ, you're hip and cool, your glasses are stylish, but you know, stylish glasses do jack sh-t if your eye exams FAIL. For those of you who took the time to read this mess of a post, I recommend using these guys as a frames shop only, for the sake of your vision. 

5 Stars for friendliness/great products, minus 3 for er.. failed optometricising.