Ugh.  Usually if I hate a place I don't usually bother posting, even if it's a place like this that has me as an unfortunate captive audience sometimes  (i.e., when I'm at work and need caffeine and there's nothing else open nearby in Kendall square)   But recent experiences at this ABP branch have made me finally vow to kick the caffeine addition.

A representative experience, from this afternoon: stopped in to get caffeine--it was a hot day, so I thought I'd try something iced.  The iced drinks (and all non-thermos coffee) has to be ordered from the same place as the sandwich line.  Stood in line for about 10 minutes watching two workers attempt to make two sandwiches for the people in front of me-- the main holdup seemed to be that one of them was completely stymied about what to do if she needed to make a small sandwich but had a large piece of bread.  Excruciatingly watched her contemplate cutting the bread into halves to make a smaller piece, putting it back, fetching it again, putting it back, asking her co-workers, getting a manager, and still not being able to figure it out after being told to cut it.  ???   Anyway, by then a bunch of other people had put their pieces of paper with sandwich orders up on the table.  Of course, there's no place on the papers for drink orders-- you just have to stand around and interrupt them to make sure they actually wait on you instead of grabbing new sandwich orders.

Order my drink (iced mocha), and after about 5 minutes, I'm handed a hot mocha.  Grrrr.  Ask if I can have some ice so that I can chill it myself-- they say no, they have to remake it, it will just be two minutes. I'm not really feeling like waiting to repeat this process, so just repeat the request for a cup of ice; no dice. Oh well. 

So go stand in line to pay.  Turns out that they're out of regular coffees, so the cashier abandons the register to grab some cups, go to the back, and bring out cups of coffee for the people who are standing near the coffee machine.  By the time I pay, it's been 20 minutes since I entered the store, just so I can pay almost $4 for a cup of hot mocha that isn't what I ordered.  And it's really bad coffee.

I used to be alright with them in a pinch, but honestly, I think this is it for me and ABP.