THANK GOD FOR YELP!!   I was planning on taking my three dogs in to get groomed because I wanted to support a mom/pop shop but I decided to Yelp first!! 

Except for the last review, I have to agree with EVERYONE else above.  I never thought my first review was gonna be on a pet shop but I am an animal lover and wanted to share my experience as well.  So here it goes......

A few weeks ago, while my husband ran into Vons for a few items and I was waiting in the car right outside the pet store, I could not help but notice all the loud dog cries coming out of Champion Pets.  As soon as my husband approached our vehicle, I asked if we could go inside to checkout the pet store and get some puppy love.  I love Dogs 

It was a decent size store but it smelled funky (dirty) and it looked empty to me.  I'd say, lack of inventory.  

When we walked in, two medium size dogs behind white picked fence/crates near the back entrance were just going crazy for our attention.  We started petting them and I Immediately noticed a big pile of poop in their crate.  I brought it to the workers attention that was behind the counter and he ordered someone else to clean up the mess.  All the dogs inside were barking and begging for attention.  One large dog was climbing over his crate (tall fences/gates) cause he wanted to get out.  As we went further in, I noticed more poop in another crate and told the guy cleaning the 1st poop that there was more poop here.  This dog was jumping up and down and was about to land in his own poop.  Oh, by the way, he was tied so if he managed to climb over this fence, the dog would choke to death by hanging himself.  

Then I noticed the little dogs behind the windows.....
My heart melted and asked if I could play with one of them.  The guy behind the counter was kind enough to bring the cutest one out of his crate and let me play with this him inside the store.  I noticed more poop behind the windows and told the worker.  He went inside the room and started cleaning their little messes.  Most of the smaller dogs were living in these small spaces with their own feces.  It was really sad.  

On the window, they had a sign posted telling customers to let the front desk know if we see feces in their crates.  Seriously?  Why are they not doing their only job!!??  Is is that hard to make a habit of checking their beds/crates for feces every half hour or at least by the hour!!  

While playing with the little puppy, I noticed the puppy had matted fur and did not look like he was cared for.  I wanted to cry and take him home but my husband did not think it was a good idea since we have three males at home.   

Anyway, I appreciate everyone's honest review on here.  It's taken me a couple of years to finally find a place that is clean, professional and kind to our animals during their short visits.  They are a bit expensive but well worth it since they do an excellent job with grooming/shaving my three dogs evenly and have yet to send my furboos home stressed out!!  By the way, let me know if you are interested, they are not too far from "Champion Pets".

I am just glad I did not take a chance and schedule an appointment without checking Yelp first.  Thank you YELP!!