So I have to start by saying that I LOVE Bombay Club, which is across the street from this place. I have a bunch of friends who have been telling me for a long time that this place is better, so I finally broke down and tried it. Inevitably, I was comparing to Bombay the entire time I was there.

Actually, this isn't the first time I tried to go to TB. The first 3 times, the place was so packed that we were either told the wait would be over an hour (and the wait would be outside since their entryway fits about 1.5 people) or we couldn't even get into the tiny entryway to ask for a table. When we went this time, we were pleasantly surprised that there was no one in the waiting area. However, it was unclear who, if anyone, was the "hostess". Once someone did acknowledge us, we were told it would just be a couple of minutes. A few minutes later, another person kind of offered us a table, but in a way that suggested he didn't actually want us to take it (it's a bit cramped...are you sure you want it?). I'm just thinking, "hey, this whole place is cramped because you've shoved so many tables into such a small space...has the fire marshal been in here?", but politely say that we'd take the table. 

Once seated, we got our menus and starting looking at the offerings. It took ~20 minutes for the waiter to weave his way through the crowd back to our table to take our drink order. Lots more time to take the food order. More waiting....The server couldn't even reach our table it was so cramped. In all, it took almost 2 hours for us to complete our meal, but it wasn't because we were hanging out having a leisurely time. We were just waiting for things to show up at our table the whole time.

Now, for the food. It was ok, but not great. We made the mistake of ordering the chicken tikka masala, which is amazing (and my fave) at Bombay. Although it was reasonably tasty, it doesn't hold a candle to what you get across the street. The lamb rogan josh was just a greasy mess. We did get some potato kabobs stuffed with cheese that were quite tasty (and you can't get anything like them at Bombay). I also had a mango martini that was quite good. The food is quite pricey (even slightly more than Bombay, which is on the pricier side of Indian but so worth it).

In general, the food was average and overpriced and the service was terrible. If you go, be sure to sit near the door so you can get out fast in the event of fire. If you're piled in the back, you're screwed!