I ate at Minami for the first time tonight. The experience was horrible, and I felt compelled to register and write a review.

We got there at 6pm on a Sunday, and we didn't get seated until 6:30. I didn't expect it to be busy at all, so I guess the Minami people didn't either, because the service was terrible. There were only 2 waitresses and 2 chefs for the entire place, trying to accommodate a packed house with 2 very large parties. Ok, maybe I can understand this, but...

The waitress was very attentive for the first 5 minutes, before we even opened up our menu. There are 2 menus, and they are a visual pleasure, so it took us 10-15 minutes. By this time, the waitress had completely ignored the table. I had to raise my hand, and it was already around 7pm.

The food took over 1 hour to be served.  Yes we were checking our watches. And the hot food items were cold! I even saw other people's plates just sitting on the counter for over 15 minutes. We wondered if they were just on display, but they actually served this to other people. So I can't blame the chefs, although in addition the rolls were very sloppily cut...uneven pieces and some too big to fit in one bite. Decent taste though. When the waitress served a few plates, I asked her if the other plates were on the way, and she looked at me like she didn't know we had ordered more food. The other waitress had to bring them to us.

We finally finished at around 9pm. I can't believe the entire dining experience took 3 hours. I wouldn't have minded as much if at any time during the 1 hour wait, the waitress had come over and apologized for the wait and offered a free appetizer, anything to hold us over.

They were so strange, ignoring certain tables and quick (well, relatively quick) with others. I couldn't figure out the pattern. One table came after us, were brought their food before us, and left before us. I also overheard other tables complaining about the wait time, so we weren't the only ones.

I will never go here again. And I don't care if they have great service any other day/time, a restaurant is only as good as the experience you had with them. Because if people have a negative experience, they will never come back. These people need to be on Kitchen Nightmares. Gordon Ramsey would never allow this!