I never thought I was going to take the time to write a yelp review, but I've been shaken out of my virtual reviewing silence: this is quite possibly the rudest service I have ever experienced in my life. 
Back story: I like my boba in unsweetened tea, which isn't too difficult an accommodation given that it is the base of many sweetened boba drinks anyway. I have gone in here several times before requesting the same item, spending time gently conveying what I want, trying to be considerate of the ESL factor. 
     Dear Korean Manager: I am respectful of the fact that you have a difficult time understanding what I am asking for, even when you keep telling me "you need to decide what is right for you, I can't decide what is right for you" in response to different versions of my request. I wait as you quickly and politely serve an Asian customer who came in after me. I want to use your wifi, so am patient when you tell me that it is "too early" for the espresso machine to work and ignore me when I ask if I could have a coffee. I sigh in relief when we settle on hot peppermint tea, only to find out that all sizes of tea are below your credit card minimum of $2 (why would any coffee/tea shop have a card minimum?). When I explain I have no cash, you tell me a few more times that  "you need to decide what is right for you, I can't decide what is right for you". I tell you I am not trying to be rude, to which you detonate a variety pack of: "you take too long" "I don't have time for you" "I am so busy" "I am right, you are wrong". I silently left you to sweep your floor, unbothered by an empty shop.
I do not believe the customer is always right, but you have proven that you are inconsiderate and discriminatory, both of which are unacceptable in any setting, especially the service industry. Go in peace and stack your dusty coffee cups like the insensitive, reverse-racist that you are. I hope no patrons ever disturb you again.

Dear Boba Lovers:Don't support these values, even if "there are only a couple options" in the USC area. Your dollars are your voice. Take them to cup o' joy. Take them to mello jello. Don't use them to condone a business who values extortionist profit (see other reviews) over the descent treatment of customers. 

I am going to tape this review up on the dingy little shop so that all the people who blithely enter without having consulted yelp will patronize one of the two other boba places in the neighborhood.