Read Below for a Trudy's Cheat Code (FREE DINNER AND DRINKS)

I had an encounter last night that was bizarre enough to make me dust off the old Yelp account just to write a review on this place. 
You can read through all of the 300+ reviews before this one that will give you a general idea of what this restaurant is about, so I'll keep the background on the restaurant to a brief summary. Basically just about every UT student has been to Trudy's at least once since it's within walking distance from the campus, and the management of Trudy's has used this fact to their economic advantage by jacking up the prices on every item that this white-washed "Mexican" food joint has to offer. That being said, as an Austinite and UT student, I had always accepted Trudy's existence with mild indifference. If I were to lead a campaign against every restaurant geared to con college students out of money, then I wouldn't have anywhere to eat on the drag. 

Moving along, last night was my birthday and for those "in the know" that means that one can get a free drink of their choice at Trudy's with an ID proving DOB. Some friends of mine were going there anyway so I thought "what could possibly go wrong?!" and headed down there after work. 

Our orders were taken by this snippy waitress who insisted that we turn in all of our IDs so that the manager could approve them. I initially thought it was odd until I saw another wide-eyed waitress standing behind her, so I shrugged it off as she was probably just showing off for the trainee, handed over my ID and waited for them to approve it. About a minute later, a different waiter returns and doles out the ID's but stops at my friend who we'll call Karl and asks if he has a Texas ID. Karl has lived in many different states and as a result has about 3 different ones from each place. A policeman stole his Texas ID (the story of which is for a different yelp review) and so he only had the 2 ID's from other states. They explained to him that they could only take a Texas ID for liquor, even though he had multiple forms of identification proving his age to be 25. Ridiculous. Oh well, at least we got our food - which wasn't half bad, hence the 2 stars.

I was given a Mexican Martini (Which to be fair - was good and quite alcoholic) and I offered Karl a drink of it out of sympathy. He obliged and 5 seconds later the diligent waitress was at the head of our table with a self-satisfied smirk asking quite loudly if Karl had a valid identification on him. He showed her both of his ID's and she turned them all down while loudly proclaiming that it was THE RULES and if he was going to DISRESPECT THE RULES then he would have to leave. We couldn't reason with her on any level because her response to every line was "THAT'S JUST THE RULES". Thankfully she didn't do anything rash and eventually leaved. We laughed about it and waited until she was far out of sight so Karl could take another swig of my martini. Well apparently they had the entire staff on "RED ALERT: ALL EYES ON 25 YEAR OLD MALE DRINKING IN OUR RESTAURANT" and immediately we were guerrilla-style assaulted by a waiter who had been hiding in the shadows just waiting for Karl to take another sip. He began snatching all the unfinished drinks off the table and said it was because "there couldn't be anybody with invalid IDs drinking" and somehow everyone's drinks were compromised. Thankfully I kept a firm grip on my glass so it couldn't be confiscated. A minute later the manager was at the head of the table telling Karl and I that we needed to leave the premises immediately. Our food was already finished in its entirety and there was only a little bit of martini left in the shaker, so I downed the rest while Karl took 4 huge bites of food, and.... We did exactly what the manager ordered and left. It wasn't our fault that they forgot to hand us the bill.

So in short don't break the asinine rules at Trudy's or the intellectually advanced management will punish you with a free dinner and drinks. Don't say I didn't warn you.