Hooray for the one-stars!  Never before have I been to a place so hell-bent on getting us out of there before we even sat down.

I went with a group of three to this awful place on a Saturday night.  We arrived around 10PM and there were still plenty of seats, so we asked to be seated outside.  When we sat down, they turned off the heat lamp above us.

When it came time to order, the waiter collected our menus, asked one of us what we wanted, took her order, and then left.  I suppose he assumed that all three of us wanted to share the one coffee she ordered.

Once we got his attention again (nearly 5-10 mins later), we told him the rest of us would like to order.  Seemingly inconvenienced, he allowed us to order two teas, a hookah, and a few desserts.  I asked what dessert was recommended and the 'cappuccino cake' was his choice, so I decided to try it.

As the food/drinks/hookah arrived, it looked as though everything would be okay.  This was only the beginning.  The hookah pipe was delivered, but was not lit (no coals provided).  They would not come for another 5-10 mins.

In the meantime, we removed our tea bags from our tea (NOTE: unless your tea is brewed from actual tea leaves -- and even then it's a 'maybe' --  you should put the tea bag in...not the restaurant; who knows how long it was in there or -- heaven forbid -- if it was perhaps a pre-used bag).  We removed our tea bags from the mugs and placed them on the saucers in front of us.  Immediately, someone came by to remove the tea bags and our spoons (NOTE: I like tea and I've NEVER been to a place that does this.  Tea bags can be used multiple times and patrons should be asked before removing them).  Still no coals for the hookah.

Eventually the coals came.  By then I had decided to taste the cappuccino cake.  Ugh.  Somehow it was simultaneously stale and undercooked.  It was layered similar to a tiramisu and did have the faint taste of coffee.  But, it also had the strong taste of a bad chocolate covered donut due to the chocolate coating on the sides (which wasn't icing...it really was like a chocolate covered donut).  Oh, and it had 'cappuccino' written on the top with icing.  Call it cute or call it tacky.  I think it was there so that you might for a second believe you're not eating someone's week-old coffee grinds.

The waiter made one stop to ask how everything was.  We asked for water and he said he'd be right back with it.  It never came.  He did come back again...to ask if we'd like the check.  We said we were still eating/smoking, but he could bring it if he wanted to.

Two seconds later, our hookah was gone.  Taken from the table.  Then, the table was cleared -- while we were sitting there.  Then, the check came.  At the same time, he said "here's your check and I'm sorry to do this, but I'd appreciate it if you closed out your bill as fast as possible so we can seat someone else."  Absolutely ridiculous.  I cannot begin to explain how I felt at that moment.  The best thing I can say is you should never go here.  Ever.  Ever.

Oh, and the infamous Rolls was outside as many others have mentioned.   It was parked in the handicapped spot.  If that car really belongs to the owner, it only cements the fact that he is a slimeball.