After reading a handful of reviews, my boyfriend and I decided to check out the restaurant for some dinner. Even though I've ended up at Noir for last call a million-trillion times, I had never noticed the restaurant being located at the hotel. I'm usually hesitant to dine at hotel restaurants for no good reason other than the wiring in my brain.
 
The weather was beautiful and I was excited that we had the option of patio seating. The host was welcoming, the server was pleasant. The blackberry margarita was making the whining of the children at surrounding tables a bit more toned down. The first appetizer arrived and I was mortified. The Island Creek Oysters appeared to have been shucked the day beforehand. There was no brine, the oysters were gummy and fishy smelling. When you tipped the shell sideways, they didn't even move. We sent them back, thankful we had ordered a second appetizer. The second appetizer was ok, small in portion but it was a tasty goat cheese stuffed portobello mushroom. By the time the entrees arrived I was beginning to get hungry.

 I ordered the sirloin steak with chive-topped mashed potatoes. It was cooked to temperature, it looked pretty with the grill marks but it was lacking. The second bite was all gristle. For a thirty dollar price tag, I was expected to have my socks knocked off. All I could taste in the demi-glace was a thickening agent, like corn starch or something. I sent it back. My boyfriend's pulled lamb shank was decent, the roasted root vegetables were delicious but again, all I could taste in the gravy was a thickener. At that point, when the server brought out the wrong drink for my boyfriend, he didn't say anything. The server delivered a peach mojito instead of a Sazerac-whoops!

If the food was just sub-par and over-priced,  I could live with that but the way it was handled was the biggest disappointment. Maybe the waitress had more tables than just the patio, maybe the waitress doesn't eat oysters and she thinks that they are supposed to be fishy. Maybe she didn't ask what the problem with the steak was because she wanted to make it as painless as possible. She didn't offer any suggestions or excuses. Maybe the oysters that we ordered were the restaurants' last. Maybe the person that shucks the oysters wasn't around. Why we weren't offered fresh oysters is beyond me. I wasn't told how awsome the chicken dish was that night or anything. So I had asked for the itemized bill to pay and a business card.

After we paid and was getting up to leave, the manager had come over. She apologized stating that was she had been working a large party event in the function room and came over as soon as possible.I told her that I worked in the industry and was baffled at how we didn't get a table visit once we sent the first dish back. She offered a gift card that would cover the price for the two of us to come back for dinner again. I told her it was too little, too late. I told her that we would go over to Legal Seafoods, across the way, so I could eat dinner.

To top it all off, the server forgot to give me back my debit card. The food runner was sent over to Legal Seafoods to give it back to me. The one star I gave this reveiw was for that and that only. They didn't have to leave the restaurant and cross the patio to return it to me. The man was apologetic for the situation. I know his english translation was poor and he probably didn't mean to say that the manager was working a more important party but he did.

So save your money and just go to Legal Seafoods, they always take care of you there!