This is how my friend Sherry described our experience last night: "It's like we're in an abusive relationship with this place." One minute the service was really friendly and attentive, the next minute it was like we weren't there for long periods, then we were being offered free dessert, then we weren't there....

After a good 90 minute yoga session, I was starving, and Sherry joined me for dinner down the street from the yoga studio so we could catch up. I was really excited about the truffle fries! I mean, can you ever go wrong with truffle infused foods? I also ordered the lobster mac and cheese with truffles! Sherry ordered the heirloom tomato salad. After ordering, we waited.... and waited.... 20 minutes went by, and then another 10 minutes went by... all this time, no one came by, and we had drank all of our water. Finally we waved our server down, and she asked if we needed more water. We said yes, but then also asked her how long our food would be since it had been about 35 minutes since we'd ordered. She said it was on it's way, and that the lobster mac and cheese was what takes longest. Before even being able to ask/say anything further, our server was already walking away. 

A few minutes later, another woman (the manager? owner?) came over to us to apologize for the long wait and to offer us free dessert. It was a really nice gesture.

There was clearly a lack/break down of communication between the server and us. If a certain item takes longer to prepare, I suggest that the service staff make the customer aware. I probably would have ordered something else. Or at the least, we could have asked for the fries to come out first. Instead, when we were ordering and she asked us if we wanted everything to come out together, we assumed that it would be faster to have it all come out at the same time. I was sorely mistaken. 

We also didn't get a refill of water for another 20 minutes. When I looked around, I saw all the other tables with bottles of water so they could refill their water themselves. Granted, Sherry and I asked for iceless water, and the bottles we assume were chilled, but couldn't they have filled a bottle with room temp water for us? 

The food - the truffle fries were ok. They were sort of shoe string fries, which were just ok by themselves. With the truffle oil, it took them up a notch, but these weren't very memorable truffle fries. The lobster mac and cheese was really really hot, and pretty decent. I wanted memorable since there was truffle and lobster together covered with cheese (3 of my favorite things), but this was somewhat under-seasoned. Sherry didn't seem terribly bowled over by her heirloom tomato salad either.

The ambiance - I really wanted to like the place because it is really cute. I like the big booths and the outdoor patio. The music playing was really great!

Like Sherry said, it was kind of an abusive relationship. There was bouts of great friendly and attentive service, followed by bouts of extended neglect, then followed by offers of gifts.

In the end we decided not to get the free dessert because it took so long for the server to come back and check on us when we were done eating our meals. We were both tired. It was 10:10 p.m., and I still needed to get home to JP!

Overall, the experience was disappointing.