Another review with very questionable high ratings (owners family, friends & employees w yelp account).   I can assure you that this review is not the case.

  When you first walk in through the front street entrance the plants branches (front display) will smack you in the face if you don't duck to one side. Althogh the front room is nice with high ceilings, it seems somewhat awkward with the main part of the restaurant separated in the back. And if you decide to sit in the high ceiling area be ready to deal with the constant in and out traffic while you eat. Unfortunately, we opted for the room due to its high ceiling feel. To add insult to injury, we were sat next to some hideous looking huge sewer pipe hyrant. Guess the owner had to comply with the city to expose the monster smack in the front part of a fine dining room.

Anyways our server was some pretentious bald guy in his 40s. What was annoying about him was the way he treated his fellow workers, snapping orders like some high mighty jerk.  He would then turn to us with his fake hospitality and explained that the kitchen was some "free flow" type of coursing. AKA, kitchen not sufficient enough to handle busy hours. They were basically forcing us to eat family style.

Our drinks took well over 10 minutes, simple cocktail and glass of wine. He didn't even offer any apologies when he brought our drinks.

The crispy lobster balls for our app was  a bit bland and made me wonder where all the lobster had gone.  I would seriously tell the chef to leave out the "balls" term in the menu, because they maybe it literally was after all.

For our main course which took a veeerrrrry long time I should add, consisted of dried looking clam vonglie pasta and the veal scaloppine.  Again, bland bland bland.  The chef must really be holding back on salt herbs and spices, thinking better to have it under seasoned cuz they can always add it than possibly throw it away.

For our dessert we decided to share the tiramisu and the 20 minutes warm choc cake.  Why the server didn't mention the choc cake would take 15/20 minutes just annoyed the hell outta of me. The tiramisu , well the chef should stick to traditional tiramisu instead of using us as guinea pigs to test his overkill of a ANTi tiramisu. And by the time we received the choc cake we just wanted our over priced bill and get out of there and never return, even if the owner offered to have us over on the house, just a note ahead of time.  Please neapolis thugs, do not attempt to reply to our review.

Basically a horrible restaurant investment due to horrible food, staff, and strange layout of the restaurant. Btw. They offer glass of beer and cocktails that are priced near 100 bucks, which I think they are not worthy to have listed.

Please stay very. Faaaaaaaarrrrrrrr away for this neapolis atrocity.