My teenager has been dying to visit Sprinkles, so when we had a couple of hours to spend together, we drove to Stanford Mall just to go here.  In a nutshell, the cupcakes aren't great, but they're very pretty and the packaging is nice.  I'd buy them again to bring to someone as a gift (birthday, get well, etc.).

The store is very modern and pretty, but they have a single large door that they ask you to keep closed (ostensibly to keep the cupcakes fresh).  Problem is, there's a line to get in and people want to go inside to see the cupcakes up close, which made some people in line outside very irritated.  In fact, the woman behind us kept accusing people of cutting and told them to look in the window.

Second, for a bakery, their system for ordering and paying is kind of dumb.  You go to one part of the counter to order, then to another part to wait for your name to be called so you can pay.  Someone else boxes your cupcakes.

We ordered an assortment so we could try several flavors and share with friends:
Dark chocolate - this one was delicious; I think they use a very high quality chocolate in the sprinklkes on top, because it had a great chocolate flavor
Black and white - (or white and black, can't remember) was a chocolate cake with white icing and nothing special (which is why I think it was the sprinkles in the dark chocolate that made it so good)
Coconut - white cake and coconut only on top; I was hoping for coconut cake.  Bake Ina Garten's (Barefoot Contessa) recipe for coconut cupcakes - it's easy and so much better
Red Velvet - very pretty but the cake was nothing to write home about (actually none of the cakes were); it did have the best icing of the bunch

On icing, I don't get other reviewers comments about too sweet or too much.  Icing by definition is terribly sweet because it's primarily sugar, and they put a lot on to give the cupcakes some height - that's what makes them so cute and makes room for the sprinkles and doodads on top.  If you don't like that much, just scrape some off!