I have wanted to go to Finale for way too long.  I've read the reviews and have spoken to friends who have been and weren't really thrilled with the food, but I still wanted to try it. My dear friend Becki W. suggested we go because a little birdie spilled how much I really wanted to try it out.

I looked forward to it for almost two weeks and I know that it was probably not going to live up to my hopes.  Because I had done my homework on Yelp, my expectations were not high. But still, I made sure that my tummy had plenty of room for dessert.

I had a hankering for short ribs for atleast a few days and I usually check out menus before I go to a new place.  I was pretty excited that they had short ribs on the menu. I knew when we walked in what I was going to order and I could pretty much guess what Becki was going to order when I saw Mac and Cheese on the menu.

I ordered the short ribs and Becki did order the mac and cheese as expected. You know when you dine with Yelpers there is ususally alot of tasting going on between dishes.  I actually love this but as we were discussing dessert options I staked my claim to the Creme brulee on the mini dessert platter.

I had to put the dessert menu down, it was just too much for me, I wanted to order one of everything and an extra creme brulee.  Finally our meal arrived and the Mac and Cheese looked awesome but we began to laugh when we saw the plate of short ribs and there was actually one rib in the middle of the dish.  

I checked the menu, it did say "Boneless short ribs, dry-rubbed with Valrhona Cocoa and illy Coffee, braised in dark beer and caramelized onions, served with roasted carrots and yellow potatoes" not short rib with a few cold baby carrots thrown in the gravy garnished with 3 yellow potatoe wedges. The gravy was very good as were the potatoes but they were the only things on the plate that were hot.  The meat was barely warm and the center of the baby carrots (which were definitely not fresh) were cold.  I was hungry and it was okay so I didn't send it back for fear that it would take too long or they would just nuke it for a minute or two.

I did take a taste of the mac and cheese and that was good. I was more looking forward to dessert anyway so I was ready for them to bring it on! I ordered the mini dessert platter and Becki ordered the Retro Chocolate plate.  Both of these items were listed as sharable desserts and when the mini dessert platter came out I questioned how two people could actually have a taste of each of the items on the platter.  

It was beautiful but there was no way two people could have had more than a half teaspoon taste of most of the items on the plate. The creme brulee was literally a teaspoon of creme with torched sugar on top and half of it the sugar was way too thick for the amount of creme. Most everything was tasty, on both of our plates.  Everything was beatifully plated and garnished, some of the sauces that were used as garnish didn't really seem to go with the taste of feature (like the apricot sauce that tasted like baby food to me) but it looked great.

I may go back if I am having a creme brulee craving but I probably won't go back for a meal.  I went in with my eyes open so I can't say that I was disapointed.  It was pretty pricey and would probably wow folks who aren't real foodies.