I have never had such a traumatizing experience with a property mgmt company before.  B&B was horrible.  The manager who managed the property I rented was never available for any repairs or issues I had.  My only option was to leave a message because he would never answer his phone.  He never even bothered to return my call or to give me a courtesy call to let me know that my requests have been acknowledged and would be taken care of.  There was a great lack of communication between management and maintenance.  

My apt was uninhabitable for 17 days. I had been calling my property manager so we can discuss how my rent will be pro-rated. I left a message for him everyday. NO ONE returned any of my phone calls.  When I was finally notified, I was only pro-rate for HALF of my rent for those days.  ::: Their logic:  only the shower was unavailable but the rest of the apt was still livable. :::  So you're saying I'm supposed to go without showering for 17 days!?!?  Their train of thought is absolutely ridiculous and inconsiderate towards their tenants.

Often times when I have spoken with my manager, he was always rude and inconsiderate. He was never willing to alleviate an issue in a civil manner and with consideration.  He was never considerate enough to inform tenants of changes among our apt community. His way of informing tenants was to wait until a tenant did something that was unauthorized.  "Tenant: That's no longer allowed. Please resolve the issue or we will take action."

They don't know the definition of "quality customer service", all they're concerned with is where the company's money is coming from and going into.  They treat their renters AND property owners with zero respect.  They act as if they're doing the renters a favor by approving them, when it's the other way around! 

They are extremely picky about their tenants. If you don't make a 6 figures, they don't believe you're capable of paying your rent and they will tell you so too without any respect or concern for your feelings.

On one good note... this experience motivated me to become a homeowner! =)