Went here with a Groupon (surprise!) that was for 1 antipasti and 2 pasta dishes. 

Reservations- I called in the afternoon and left a message since they don't open until 5:30. I didn't receive a return call so I called again at 5:45 and 6 with both calls going, again, to their voice mail. I sent my Mom over there (she works nearby) to see if they had any times available for that evening. The girl claimed she never got the reservation message but could seat us at 7:30p. Hooray!

Arrival- Holy crap this place is small! After locating it in the back part of an office building/strip mall the "front" door dumps you in to a hallway between the kitchen and the dish room. I thought we had accidentally walked in the back way! Nope. This was it. We waited about 15 minutes passed our reservation time but that's no big.

Order- We ordered the meatballs for the antipasti and the orecchiette w/sweet Italian sausage, broccoli rabe and garlic and the mushroom risotto for the entree. we decided to "upgrade" to the Caesar salad and beet salad that comes with the meal.

Food- Meh. Breadsticks come with Parmesan cheese "melted" on them accompanied by olive oil and vinegar for dipping however the breadsticks are so hard that dipping is nearly impossible! Meatballs (3) were okay. Nothing special. The risotto was well cooked and creamy. Mushrooms were fresh tasting and they weren't stingy with the parm. The orecchiette was really good despite there being no broccoli rabe in it. Was not told this ahead of time and it was like they thought I wouldn't notice. :-(  The water was room temp (WTF?) Both deserts they offered had coffee in them. Yuck!

Service- AWFUL!! Yes there was one server but the room is tiny and one person can easily handle these tables especially because the food is so SLLLOOOOOWWW. We didn't get water until out antipasti came out 30 minutes after we ordered. The table next to us had their antipasti, salad and entree before we got our meatballs. The hell? After the meatballs we waited ANOTHER 20 minutes for our salads. Here's what ruined the rest of the night: A couple were sat just as we were finishing our meatballs. The salads that came up in the window shortly after were a Caesar and a beet (which is what we ordered). I was super excited because I REALLY wanted the beet salad. She walks by us with the salads and serves them to the table that just sat down. The hell? THEN comes over with "our" salads about 5 minutes after that and said "Oh, we're out of the beet salad so the chef upgraded you to the caprese." I looked at her obviously upset and informed her that I don't like tomatoes. I settled for the Caesar which was whatev. So at this point I'm super upset that the other guy got MY salad!! The other table then gets their meal before us, with one of then having the lasagna which we were told was sold out when we sat down. Just...Wow. So we eat. She brings the bill and I'm still charged the "upgrade" fee for a salad I didn't even really want. Lame.  

Overall- Not going back. Food was okay but can get the same or better elsewhere for the same price. The service just made me sad and angry. This could be a great little place given the made-to-order food but the service was unforgivable.