So far, I've only met one waiter who didn't rub me the wrong way (and he's totally awesome, and I think he always waits on the table in the very back center of the dining area). Last night, the waiter was.... well... civil enough, but he really just didn't seem like he wanted to be there. When it came time to split the checks, he combined the wrong orders and it was slightly inconvenient for us, but we managed. Understandable, I guess. Working in customer service is brutal.

I'm still upset that they get away with charging $14 a pitcher in this town. But that's not why I'm docking a star from my review.

Minus one star because the $9.45 World Famous Wet Burrito was totally tasteless. The sauce was tasteless, the filling was tasteless, the cheese was... what was the cheese?

I was actually more excited about the sides ($2.99 to tack on two of them to an entree), and I got a pathetic slice of cornbread with some oddly spiced butter. (My friend sitting across from me also got a slice of cornbread but his didn't include the butter, for some reason.) It was okay. Not $1.50 okay. But it was probably the best part of my meal. The blue cheese coleslaw... gosh, I love coleslaw... It sounded like it had so much potential. But it was... bland and maybe as far as just plain disgusting, with an occasional out-of-place burst of blue cheese flavor.

I was really disappointed and angry at myself for blowing the extra $2.99+tax+automatic gratuity (there were 7 of us). I could have just been unhappy with my overpriced lame burrito, but instead I put myself in a situation where I could be disappointed in an overpriced lame burrito and two sides.

AND if you want chips & salsa (which are usually served free while you wait for your food at Mexican restaurants, at least at any I've been to), you have to shell out an extra buck fifty.  It makes me angry just thinking about it.

Probably going to avoid going here if I can, but a friend of mine just really loves the ambiance for some reason.