Save me from plunging down once again into the dungeon known as Pepe's Pizza. It's exactly what you would expect from an underground pizza buffet, (underground literally refers to the placement of the restaurant without any connotation of trendiness). I consider myself the most knowledgeable expert on Pepe's since I have been there five times, and anyone who has gone more frequently would be dead by now. 

Plastic pizza is not my thing, but even if it was this plastic pizza tastes particularly bad. The selection started off better when Pepe's Pizza first began, but the restaurant has slowly done away with more expensive items such as the Pesto Pizza. Pizzas have also increasingly been left out longer, and when finished by customers do not get replaced speedily. Only get vegetarian pizzas or pick off the meat, because the chicken is almost inedible. Their "Taco Bar" deserves quotation marks around it because it gives a bad name to one of the best dishes on the planet. Tacos deserve respect, and Pepe's stale hard shell tacos and aging ground beef demean Mexican cuisine. If you must go get as much unlimited soda and mediocre frozen yogurt as you can. To their credit the chocolatey dessert pizza does an okay job.

Now let's get to the wretched service that makes the plastic pizza look phenomenal. Workers won't let you sit in the buffet area with friends if you order A La Carte from their menu, which turns Pepe's into a borderline dictatorship. I understand that the restaurant doesn't want to risk people eating the buffet for free, but considering how cheap the food must be to make (or unfreeze) they probably lose more money in the long run by alienating customers. Also, one might say "what do you expect from a buffet under ten dollars"? Trust me I'm taking that into consideration, it still fails. Pepe's frequently advertises a price for the buffet and then has a higher price upon arrival. This kind of systematic poor attitude is obviously forced down from the owners/managers and not the fault of the workers who have to face customers. 

Anyway, Pepe's Plastic Pizza does have a large plastic seating area and big plastic screen projectors with sports. This saves it from a one star rating. It's your lucky day Pepe's, you get two out of five stars. I wanted to love you, but I just can't.