I've come here many times but will NEVER return.  I had a large group for my birthday and it was a terrible experience.  First, since large groups have automatic gratuity, the waitress had absolutely NO incentive to give good service, and it showed.  It took forever to flag her down to order anything, and she disappeared for a good 15 minutes straight when we were trying to order our food.

Then they started bringing things to our table that we did not order (including an entire pizza and a couple drinks), and acted rudely when we explained we hadn't ordered those things.  Later, my friend had ordered a side salad, but they brought him the entree size.  When he explained he only wanted the smaller size, the busboy just said he would leave the entree size at our table and we could "figure it out" later.  Of course, no side salad ever came, but we were charged for the full entree size!

When it came time to pay the bill, things got really bad.  Having a large group is complicated (and of course, they don't provide any ability to have separate checks), and we were confused by how much money we apparently owed.  After having everyone at the table go through the receipt line by line, we realized we were charged for an entire pizza, a pitcher of beer, and two pints that we never ordered OR received.  When we pointed this out, the waitress was rude to us, took the receipt we had which had all our notes on how much each person owed and which items they got, and brought us a new receipt that was about $20 less.  So we had to repeat the entire process again.  At this point, because the waitress kept disappearing, it had already taken well over half an hour just to figure out the check!  We were fed up with the process, and finally agreed to just pay the check as is, because we just wanted to leave.

After we signed our receipts, the waitress told us that we were $24 over.  We were so tired of being in that awful place that we didn't even care about them overcharging us.  We left, and when I was walking down the street, the waitress came running after me.  Apparently, even though she never came to our table, she had no problem finding me in the street.  She then told me we were actually $24 UNDER, so I had to go back in and pay the remaining $24.  She then cracked a dumb joke about me having to pay on my own birthday, as if that was going to make me feel any better about the whole experience.

I will NEVER come back to this BJs, and probably not any BJs.  I had a good birthday tradition going for three years, but it's over now.  I can't believe how much money we had to pay for terrible service (no choice because it's automatic gratuity!) and mediocre food (which, by the way, is one of the cheapest and easiest foods to make).  It was embarrassing for me and my friends, and we all had to pay way more than we should have just to leave that awful place.  Oh, and to cap it all off, the birthday pizookie is now about the size of a thimble.  It used to be wayyy bigger.

So we had awful service, were charged way too much, were forced to give an 18% tip on an inflated bill, and spent almost an hour just trying to settle the check.  What a terrible way to celebrate a birthday.  I wouldn't even go back if they gave me a free pizza.

EDIT: I called and spoke with the manager, who was very nice and understanding.  Truthfully, he said all the right things, and I am appreciative.  I liked BJs before, so maybe I will give them another chance someday, but not anytime soon.