I can't tell you how angry I get every time I am forced to go to Ray's Grill.

Forced you say?  Yes.  Stanford University has done the dumbest thing ever and awarded a complete monopoly to one company that now runs three of Stanford's few on campus restaurants - Ray's Grill, CoHo, and Treehouse.  And, worse yet, these restaurants are three of the only restaurants that stay open past 10pm (the only other being Axe and Palm).  That gives that company a monopoly on late night dining - when most students eat.

Let me count the ways I hate thee:

1. Food is so-so.  All the Asian dishes are 90% rice.  They keep hot sauce on all the tables, which is great, because you need a ton of it to extract any flavor from the food.  Fries are always cold and soggy, and the nachos make my stomach hurt.  Some of the food here is okay, particularly the Thai Chicken Curry - my favorite.

2.  BUT, don't go expecting to get the good good - they ALWAYS RUN OUT of just about everything.  I've been here about 10 times now and have only had it once - it is always SOLD OUT!  Two stories:

a. One time I was here, I ordered the Thai chicken, waited 20 minutes with my friend, and then finally was called to get my food.  We were starving and irate that it took soo long.  But turns out, they called us up to notify that they were out of the curry.  WTF.  How did it take 20 minutes to figure this out?

b. The most recent time I was here, I ordered my go-to dish, to again find them sold out.  So I ordered another chicken dish and a soda.  Turns out they had run out of Diet Coke (their ONLY diet soda offering).  Took me a good 5 minutes to convince the lady to give me a refund on the soda.  So then I tried ordering a Mocha coffee.  Nope, out of mocha mix and chocolate.  Infuriating.  

3. They randomly CLOSE EARLY.  Yes, it's one of the few late night spots.  But if you show up even an hour before closing, you may find they've arbitrarily decided to close down early.  And if it's a cold winter night and you've walked across campus, your only option is to walk across campus to the only other late night place.  How can they be so willing to close early and give up this business?  Oh yeah, because they own the other late night place.  

4. Their employees are idiots and service is awful.  I really don't like to say that, it feels rude, but I am constantly offended by how unhelpful the cashiers are.  But when I ordered a soda and they were out of the diet soda, a refund is reasonable.  Or I asked for canned soda, and she said no can do.  Or, the time I ordered Curry Chicken to find out 20 minutes later it was sold out, they asked me what else I wanted, but REFUSED TO REFUND THE DIFFERENCE between my curry chicken and the cheaper dish I picked.  And of course, they have never once offered to do anything nice to compensate for the numerous inconveniences.

5.  The restaurant is uncomfortable and dirty.  There are no obvious places to leave dirty dishes and food, so everyone naturally leaves them on the tables expecting them to be cleaned off.  But nope.  No one comes, so it doesn't take long before the entire restaurant is filled with rotting food and garbage all over the tables.  Not to mention, there's usually music playing and the TV on, plus people talking loudly, so it's a bad environment to chat or do work.

I wish I could say I'd never go back.  But these jerks have a complete monopoly on grad student dining.  I just hope Stanford will hear my pleas to kick this company out of campus.