I really wanted to like this place! Rachel, or I guess she also goes by Raquel, did my hair. I wanted a Brazilian Keratin Treatment on my natural hair, but I decided to try them out with a wash and set first. They got my hair really straight, and at first I was really pleased with how straight they got my nautral hair! I was happy until the next time I washed my hair. Clumps of my hair came out. CLUMPS. Like ten 1-2 inch balls of hair all over the shower floor.  And really long clumps, like it was either breaking from near the root or coming out like shedding. I nearly cried in the shower. My hair continued to shed like this for two more washings. :-(

Flashback. The only thing I'd done differently to my hair in the past few days was go to this salon. I asked for a wash and set. The lady (not Rachel) washed my hair, my natural hair, very vigorously so as to knot it up. Mistake number one. Then, mistake number two, she tried to comb it from the root out! Yeah, that didnt work! All I heard was my hair snapping, snarling and breaking. I had to break out my Denman brush and show her the way. Then, in Spanish...  and I hate this! I hate when they talk in Spanish around you. It's very rude. But I speak Spanish, so I understood her when she told the other hairdresser how tough my hair was. I'm thinking, "Oh boy, here we go again..." She then offered to put a "hot oil treatment" in my hair, for free! Rachel recommended it too. I obliged.

Fast forward to the roller set. She needed help to roll my hair (too coily for her :-( ). Rachel took over at this point. Then when blow drying I keep hearing my poor strands snapping and breaking. The end result was typical, dead straight and really flat with a little curl at the end and lots of shining oils. I'm not a fan. :-( But I pay the bill and tip her well. Then the next time I wash my hair, it fell out in clumps and the texture was different. It was more rough and a lot less coily. Some parts were wavy. I'm positive it was the "hot oil treatment" that caused the clumps of hair to fall out. Anyhow, that was my first and last experience with them. You have been warned!!! BTW, this experience was in July 2011.