I am trying to use the stars system to really differentiate restaurants. And so for this review, I am reviewing Terrace in the sky within its peer group.

Let me begin by saying that this restaurant has a view of the harlem skyline and further in the distance of downtown. Assuming the weather hold up, you can likely get some good views.

This restaurant is from the old school of French Restaurants. Decor is preserved and offers a window into the high-end eateries of yesteryear. Let me also say that even with restaurant week and a friday night, this restaurant was pretty empty. Not a sign of the food as much as the current environment we're in.

As for the food, I had a three course meal that began with a ricotta cavatelli. cavatelli was perfect but the dish itself was off. The beans, and ricotta repelled eachother in my plate I thought I was going to have to step in and mediate.

The star dish of the evening was my New Zealand lamb. cooked medium and to perfection. The loin cut offered tons of flavor and the meat could stand alone. Paired with side vegetables and a pollenta loaf, this dish was really nice. Last dish of the meal was a creme brulee that was just right except for the fact it wasn't served hot.

All in all this restaurant is in a category of its own. Mid tier at best within its peer group. Service was decent but not on par with the better French restaurants within the high end. The restaurant is good but not great.

I want to reiterate that this is a good restaurant but if you're going to take advantage of a restaurant week or are willing to spend on a great meal, for the same money you can enjoy some of the other great French restaurants here in the city.

**2 stars not for bad food or service, but because it doesn't compare with other similar French Restaurants within its peer group. If you want spectacular french food or want a fancy dinner, don't be afraid to go elsewhere.

Last point, this restaurant's last hurrah is that it is suitable for graduating Columbia student. Not much more.