I was so disappointed with this place. Honestly, for a couple days after going here, I couldn't help but think of all the things I could have bought with the $150 I wasted at Fleming's. Let's get started... (but where do I even begin?) :

#1 - Somehow Fleming's didn't get the notice that gift certificates are no longer allowed to expire in California. (Don't believe me? Visit www.ncsl.org.) The manager at the Fleming's location downtown flat out said we cannot use an expired gift card for $25. If you've seen their dinner prices then you know that, in doing this, the manager also flat out rejected at least 80+ bucks that could have been the remainder of our bill. So dumb. The La Jolla location knew better, but that's only 1 of 2 things they did right.

#2 - So now we're at the La Jolla location and, apparently, you need a "reason" to visit this restaurant. The girl at the front counter kept pressing us for "what's the occasion." Um... we're hungry, we heard this restaurant was fancy and good, and we have a gift certificate. Be prepared for a pop quiz.

#3 - The atmosphere was pretty bad for such an expensive restaurant. We were seated next to "the cooking area" - I don't know what else to call it. Tons of cooks, waiters, etc. all walking around clanging things, inputting bills on the computer registers, talking amongst themselves, and so on. Very loud. Very distracting. Speaking of distracting, at least 7 different Fleming's employees came to our table and interrupted us within the first 20 minutes. Who are all these people? What is your role and why are you popping in on us like this? Not what you would expect from a dimly lit high-end steakhouse. The low lighting would have been romantic, if the rest of the experience wasn't so jarring. Our waiter seemed uninterested and snobby. I felt like he treated us as if we had no money. He wasn't helpful or attentive.

#4 - The complimentary bread left something to be desired. The portion was good. It came with two types of butter spreads - both of them tasted like there was an ingredient missing. The "WOW" factor just wasn't there.

#5 - I ordered the full-size Prime Ribeye cooked medium rare. The texture was good - it better be for $42.95. But the flavor wasn't anything to write home about. My boyfriend got the Main Filet Mignon for $40.95 and it had so much pepper that I literally started coughing after taking a bite. Both dinner plates looked rather lonely, as the steaks came with zero side dishes. Apparently, for 40+ bucks, Fleming's can't afford to give you a tablespoon of mashed potatoes and a few broccoli florets. So we ordered a side dish, but it must have been unremarkable because I can't even remember what it was.

#6 - It's pretty obvious they like to hire ditzy girls for hostess work and to be eye candy for the old rich guys that frequent this place. From a business standpoint, I can't blame them for this. However, maybe teach the girls how to dress nicely yet appropriately for a fancy restaurant. One girl was wearing black Uggs over tights and a Forever 21 clubbing dress. Are you a hostess at a steakhouse or at a strip bar? It gave the place a cheap feel.

The one positive thing I will give Fleming's credit for is the complimentary truffles they surprised us with at the end. That was really a nice touch.

Overall... very sad about the money we wasted here. It's tough because, I like to give second chances, but the restaurant is too expensive to be disappointed once, let alone, twice.

Never again. Gift card or not.