Short version: Waited a long time with no warning, got an incorrect order, no effort was made to fix the problem, and an under-accessorized to-go bag. 

Long version: Man. I just got back from picking up my lunch here so my frustration is pretty fresh. I was craving some steamed dumplings so I did a search on yelp! and Sun Hing pops up.

I arrive, and stand at the front desk while the hostess takes multiple phone orders that called after she greeted me. Ergh.

I order my steamed pork dumplings and a small egg drop soup, pay and start waiting. And waiting. I know dumplings take 20 mins or so to steam but I guess other places have some way of speeding up the process as I usually don't actually have to wait that long. I really wish she would have mentioned the time I was committing to when I ordered.

One of the call-in orders she took while I was standing there was for veggie fried rice and vegetable dumplings. The girl that placed this order got there a couple minutes before they were ready and we both got our food and left. I was starving so I open the box in the car to munch and sure enough, the falling-apart dumplings are full of vegetables. Now, I very much like vegetable dumplings, but they are certainly not substantial enough to serve as my lunch. I go back in, let her know what happened and ask if it would take another 20 minutes to make new ones.. Yep. I cringe as I think about how the other girl is probably a vegetarian and will likely throw away my delicious meaty pork dumplings. I wait a second to see if she'll offer anything to even attempt to fix this and . . . nothing. I'm late getting back to work at this point so I just leave.

The veggie dumplings themselves were pretty alright. Could have had more filling, and could have been steamed a couple minutes less (they stuck to each other in a big mass, but were breaking open and filling falling out) but the wrappers were nice and thin and the flavor was good. 

Since I was still starving after eating my little salad pouches, I bust open the generously sized small egg drop soup. Over peppered, under salted, and there is no little soy sauce packet to be found in my bag.