Just moved to the neighborhood and ate here for the first time. I was excited by the brunch menu, and the atmosphere was cozy upon arrival. They were prompt to bring our coffee and water, and were easy-going about substituting fruit for salad & potatoes. My date and I were in no hurry, so we didn't inquire when 20 minutes had passed without any sign of our meals. We ordered a crepe with cheese, avocado and bacon and a french toast plate with 2 eggs and sausage. Another 20 minutes went by with no food, but plenty of coffee refills. We finally got our food, and it was relatively well prepared (although the ingredients weren't very evenly dispersed throughout the crepe: wads of cheese and gobs of avocado facing off across a mountain range of chopped bacon). About 1/4 way through our meal, a woman stood up and inquired loudly across the counter about why she had been waiting 45 minutes for her breakfast food. The owner/manager was quick to respond (and here's where things got "interesting"): He checked the woman's order ticket and corrected her- she had only been waiting 41 minutes, and her food was now ready. She explained that she had eaten there before and experienced a similar unreasonable wait, although that was due to her order ticket falling from the queue and being forgotten. The cook interjected to say that he remembered the "ticket falling" incident and that they compensated the customer with free dessert. The customer retorted that she had paid for her dessert at her last visit, and was simply inquiring as to the delay (a question we had seriously considered asking after 40 minutes...). The owner began raising his voice to the customer and trying to convince her that the wait was perfectly reasonable, as they were "busy": all the tables were indeed full, and there were about 20 customers. She said that he was being rude, and his customer service technique was good ol' reliable 'rubber and glue' - the customer was being rude by asking! She pointed out that 2 gentlemen who had arrived after her were already eating. The quick-witted cook leapt to the rescue by asking the customer (in a classically condescending fashion) : "how many people are in their party? (2) how many people are in your party? (3)" The owner took that opportunity to remind the young woman that he had been the owner/manager for 7 years, and he knew what he was doing. At this point our meal was essentially ruined, and I was reminded of eating dinner at a table while my parents argued over nothing. A simply apology by the owner would've really smoothed things over, but he couldn't bring himself to it. The young woman and her two friends decided that they were ready to leave, and began packing up. She proceeded to offer to pay and the big-shot owner said no, no, of course not. "Wait until your food is ready and then walk out", he chided. She informed him that she frequented the place but would not be back, and the owner (projecting his voice across the restaurant) said that he didn't need her business, and offered her the meal to go (in a desperate sarcastic fashion). The young woman declined and went over to her waitress at the register (she had previously said that the specific waitress was a friend of hers). The young woman quietly tipped her waitress/friend and started to say that she was sorry but she wouldn't be returning after how she was treated by the owner. Meanwhile, the owner (4 feet away) began trying to INTIMIDATE the customer, asking why she was talking to the waitress when he was "right there" for her to talk to (the woman's 2 friends, a couple with their baby, had already walked out to wait outside). He came over behind the waitress and loomed over the counter. She said that she was done talking to him and was saying goodbye to her friend, and he accused her of trying to talk about him while he was right there. She got fed up and just turned and walked out. Every patron at every table watched on in agony as the owner demonstrated just how tactless he could be, while setting a sterling example of a failure in customer service: ungracious, unwilling to listen, and generally agitated. The waiters and busboys looked on in agony (as if this wasn't the first time the owner had virtually engaged in an altercation with the customer). I considered telling him that I couldn't enjoy my meal in the wake of the argument (which took a bare minimum of 5 minutes to  play out), but I wasn't in the mood to test this guy, as he had gotten pretty huffy, and for all I know was ready to snap. We paid and tipped our waiter, but I can't be emphatic enough in this rambling "review" (I know I'm griping) that you should not give this guy your business. Atrocious morning, and I'm still in a bad mood 4 hours later. 

I thank anyone who read through all that. My summary: The food is fine, the menu is fine, the waitstaff is pleasant and the atmosphere is fine as long as the owner keeps his mouth shut. He doesn't care about your business. Stay away.