This certainly wasn't the worse meal I've had. The ingredients were generally a grade below what I was expecting; hamburger than looked like 70/30, chicken that looked pale.

The concept, as I read it, seemed fairly cool; pick out your ingredients, and get them grilled in your own sauce. However, where it falls flat is the quality.

The sauces, and I tried several prior to selecting one, were bland. They weren't offensive, but they certainly weren't setting the taste buds afire. 

Salad is available in either what appears to be a leafy green or a Caesar. I ate about half of my Caeser, feeling as if the preperation of the dressing was less than stellar; Caeser dressing certainly has its risks, given the ingredients.

Perhaps it is because I am simply squeamish, but putting raw meat out where all of your patrons can feel them, touch them, sneeze on them, and who knows what just seems like a bad idea. Is this cross-contamination waiting to happen? That certainly seems like a possibility as people pile different meat types, including options for seafood, chicken, and beef into a single bowl with veggies, pasta if desired, etc. There is a risk of a lot of band things in raw meat that get flushed out during cooking, but just like you don't use the same spoon at home, why should I use the same bowl here.

As my server took me around, explaining the concept, the prevelant thing he kept saying was, "just like you would do at home." If I wanted it just like home, I'd eat at home. Sell me on what stands out to your eatery; unfortunately, I don't know if that is possible. I certain use better ingredients at home than Fire & Ice does.

One of the things that was brought out was rice & tortillas. Seems like a good idea. The rice was mushy, as if the consistency of rice pudding pending, and the tortillas tasted pre-made from a bag and were stuck together and hard to separate without tearing them.

It is a good concept, but there are certainly some areas to tweak, such as process with raw meat, and spicing up the overly bland sauces, before this would be a lock with a discriminating taster.