Wow. I came on here to write a bad review because my experience was terrible... I see I've already be beaten to the punch. wow. 

I went in for a quick bite with my cousin and mother while we visited my uncle who was in the hospital. Lunch was decent nothing to call home about. Pizza was OK (I'm from NY and very picky about pizza) Everything was going well until... 
#1 The Waiter went to "see if he could find a lemon" for her water and when he returned with it cupped in his hands, he proceeded to damn near dip his fingers in my moms water glass to put the lemon on the rim right in front of her. yuck! 

#2 When we finished our meals, I asked for a box instead of a paper bag because I had a little more than 1/4 of my personal pizza left. The waiter told me that they don't have boxes (a lie) then he tells me that they don't do it like that. I asked him to ask his manager and he proceeds to talk to the manager about us in front of us. Saying that he TOLD us that that's not how they do it and THAT I was demanding a box pretty much implying that we were causing a scene, (picture a 10 year old child tattle telling on his older brother for doing something ...that's how ridiculous that whole scene looked) when all I asked for was a box because the damn pizza would drip all over my car. ( I even asked for foil and he said they don't carry foil wtf!!!!) To make matters worse. The manager just sat there at the bar with his back turned towards us and never even acknowledged the table, no apology for his waiter's rude and retarded behavior nothing! Even when I approached him on it, he acted as if he could care less that we were even allowed to eat in his establishment. That was the icing on the cake. Your job as manager is to smooth out situations before they turn into people spreading the word about your restaurant. honestly even if he turned and said we are short on boxes even if it was a lie.... say something! charge me 5 cents for it... Something! Instead we got this jerk who clearly felt we weren't even good enough to respond to. 

All I have to say is F you and F your restaurant. Karma is a B**** and clearly its already in action because of the many scathing reviews about your poor service and mediocre food. At the end of it all i got my cheap cardboard box that i almost had to get into a fight for, and left the waiter exact change for the bill ( no tip) To which he had the nerve to get mad about not receiving a tip. you cant be serious. Never again.