The verdict:  a good place for tourists who want to get a little gift, but there is no earthly reason why any local would want to shop here. A lot of their goods are covered with the trademark Cardullo's dust, because this shop "recycles" goods like they are your great grandaunt's unwanted Christmas gifts. Every season the same stuff comes out, just a little older and dustier but with a new price tag on top of it. And mannnnnn, those price tags...!!!! The mark-up on their goods is  incredible. For example, they have  Airborne honey from New Zealand priced at $10.99 -- the exact same kind is available at Whole Foods for $7.99 (and I'm sure you can get it elsewhere for even less).  Same deal for the tea and "international" snacks and sweets -- available at pretty basic grocery stores in Boston for $4, $5 less. Huge rip-off.  Check out the other comments below for suggestions of alternative places to find the stuff...most of the positive reviews are from people who've been charmed by a one-time visit, but the negatives are from people who've looked a little harder at how the management  runs the place.* This "Gourmet Shoppe" (eh?) is all dusty foods, marked-up prices, and staff with a dusty stuck-up attitude to match. You've been warned!

*Just to quote just one review below by Amy K....

"The owner has been known to scratch off or change expiration dates on products, sell expired products, reuse or resell opened or damaged products or flat-out ignore health violations (swarms of fruit flies in the cooler? Whatever!) ! At least five or six items a day were thrown away due to mice chewing into them, and sometimes those items would be given as samples. The deli was kept very poorly and in unsanitary ways. I was a cashier and was pretty horrified by it all, prompting me to leave when any suggestion or confrontation was met with anger. Seriously, before I knew the behind the scenes I used to love this place, and I feel badly that such a potentially wonderful family business is falling into such disrepair. I am only making this review because I feel like the general public is getting gypped coming here."