Before I moved into one of RJ Realty's apartments, I was warned by a co-worker that he had had a negative experience with David Yogel. He told me that he kept the apartment in poor condition and was overall a rude person. I found both things to be quite true.

First of all, the apartment was very poorly maintained. The dishwasher did not work, the electric sockets were so old that we often could not plug things in, the doors and cabinets didn't shut, there was no bug screen in one of the windows, the heaters were falling apart, and, according to a conversation with NSTAR, the apartment was 20 years overdue for a critical inspection (breach of implied warranty of habitability, anyone?). 

Additionally, David was very reluctant to make any of the repairs that he was responsible for. The most memorable incident was with our dishwasher. We literally called him over ten times asking him to fix it, and he kept insisting that it was our fault because we were using the wrong dish washing liquid (we weren't). He sent a workman out once or twice to "fix it," but it never solved the problem. Finally, a very nice workman managed to convince David to replace it...at least a year after we made the first request. The new dishwasher lasted about 2 months before it, too, broke.  

This was typical of David's sense of responsibility (or lack thereof) as a landlord. Almost every time I would call him to repair something, it wouldn't get done (he never replaced the electric sockets or the bug screen). At best, he would argue with me that there was no need for a repair or a replacement until I made enough of a fuss for him to fix it. For instance, he initially refused to believe that the carbon monoxide detector needed anything other than a change of batteries, even though I told him I had changed them. This was flat-out dangerous.

Finally, my roommates and I had an incident with David toward the end of our lease. One of our roommates admittedly violated the terms of the lease by subletting her room to another roommate. However, it was obvious that David was aware of the arrangement from the day the subletter moved in, and yet he only approached us about it months after the fact. He was extremely antagonistic to the subletter (who of everyone was the least to blame) when she met with him to resolve the issue, and he shouted at her to get out of his apartment. Needless to say, David kept our roommate's deposit, and the subletter felt so uncomfortable living there that she moved out.

Overall, I was absolutely disgusted with RJ Realty, and especially with David. His lack of accountability to our safety and comfort in the apartment was appalling, and it reflected a general disrespect toward his tenants. I would advise anyone against living in one of RJ Realty's residences.