For our 3rd anniversary, my husband made a dinner reservation at 5 & Diamond on  6/21. The decor of the restaurant had a very simplistic and modern setting. The place is situated in Frederick Douglass Blvd, a couple of blocks from Columbia University. A few charming patio tables & chairs greets the entrance. It appeared to have a very relaxed and cool vibe. I was pretty excited and looked forward to a great night! 5 & Diamond received such great reviews and feedback. 
Our server gave a brief introduction for the presentation of the 4-course Chef's Tasting Menu. After filling our glasses with champagne, the server told us we would be served momentarily. The first course was a Heirloom Tomato Salad which was nothing special except for the balsamic vinaigrette dressing that compliment the salad well. The second course was seared scallop with cauliflower puree. It took over 30 mins for a single seared scallop. The third course was the Creekstone hanger steak with roasted fingerling potatoes. It was three thinly meager slices of steak with roasted fingerling potatoes. And it took over an hour wait. And the conclusion of the final course was dessert- a small slice of tres de leche cake with mango mousse filling. It was the only enjoyable course throughout the evening. We were very disappointed with the management and service at 5 & Diamond. Neither the manager nor host attempt to bother and address the delay on the wait time to serve the dishes. The duration of the wait time on each course was completed in a painstakingly manner. Our patience worn very thin at several times throughout the meal. I was even ready to skip dessert altogether so we could finally get the check. I do appreciate the fact that the waistaff did apologize for the wait. 
Overall, I have to point out  it was just the most outrageous dining experience where the waitstaff diligently replaced untensils and fresh bread every 15-20 mins. Who would even wait over 2 hours to complete a 4-course dinner? It was a total disaster and nightmare! A table of 5 who were most likely regulars sat next to our table. Their party received a drink on the house with a formal apology from the manager. He explained there had been a malfunction with the oven in their kitchen. 5 & Diamond furthered the injury with an automatic 20% gratuity billed to our tab. And the host asked how was everything? It was a total disbelief. I could completely understand if it were a 3-4 star restaurant. In reality, 5 & Diamond is an understatement of an American bistro/cafe fare. No, they clearly could not disguise as fine dining. The Chef's tasting menu was poorly planned and executed that night. Aside from the fact that the Chef disappeared and left several times throughout the night. Needless to say, it was very disappointing and ruined our anniversary dinner. Don't waste your time here!