This review is soo long overdue....I have avoided Sprinkles like the plague.

Sorry Sprinkles you are all about the hype and your cupcakes are terrible. I used to cake decorate...meaning I used to bake multiple cakes a week.... and seriously you can tweak box cake to taste better than your cupcakes. another reviewer wrote that her dog woofs for this place-I believe it because I'd rather give these to my dog than eat it myself. My boyfriend even hated the cupcakes. They are pricey and overrated...I don't mind paying high prices for cupcakes if they are worth it.

I had tried them on two occasions..thinking that maybe I went on a bad day-I mean there's got to be a line for a reason? Cream chese frosting is one of the most flavorful of all frostings and yet, theirs left something to be desired. It was dried out.... how is that possible with cream cheese frosting...the toughest frosting to decorate with because its sooo soft it doesnt hold as well as others. So Sprinkles for your cream cheese frosting to be crusty is inexcusable...that just shows me that your cupcakes just sit out and DRY out. The only one that was okay...was the red velvet. It wasn't great, but at least it was not as dry as the others...I felt like someone in the old school "got milk" commercials where I was dying for some milk to wash it down.

I have had different flavors and I must say they were dry and had the most basic texture... I felt like they used cake recipes and didn't alter the timing or the recipe for cupcakes. Cupcakes are overpriced... I could have gone home and bought a box cake and altered it and made a whole batch of cupcakes for the price of Sprinkles one cupcake. 

The batter was overbeaten-hence the dry and tough texture... Not fluffy or moist...it seriously was the worst cupcake I've ever had... and thats sad because this place somehow got more than 1 or 2 stars.

SORRY SPRINKLES.... I'm a foodie and a bake snob... I mean i bake goods all the time myself.... and you arent fooling me with the lazy techniques employed to make your BASIC PLAIN and dried out cupcakes. Here's a tip....don't overbeat the batter...and try baking from the heart.