This is a tough review to write, because my thoughts about UIUC are bifurcated.  I see all these great reviews and I can only think it's "Chicagoland" students clamoring for their state's flagship institution.

I went here for graduate school because of its very high ranking in my course of study.  Regardless, my opinion is mixed and I hope my review is helpful.

This is a research school and, as a result, professors are more accessible to graduate students.  Undergrads see the typical large classes in the first few years which then get smaller as they approach junior and senior year.  How the caliber of the research trickles down to undergrads and makes this a great school in so many departments is beyond me.  I think that it takes a highly disciplined, self-motivated undergraduate student to get through here with excellent grades in a rigorous curriculum.

The best things about UIUC are its reputation, its value (for in-state students), and its instruction from bright professors, if you actually have contact with them.  You do in the graduate programs.

The bad things about UIUC outnumber the good points.  The campus has an attractive Quad with beautiful brick buildings, and that's about it.  Once you remember where you are, it is frightening...2 or more hours from Chicago, St. Louis and Indianapolis, and in the middle of nowhere.  If you want to take a drive to take in a view or see some scenery to clear your head, it is not possible.  It's flat corn fields, few trees, and no topographical change for hours on end.  The school has an agricultural complex at its South Farms.  Depending on how the wind is blowing, at least the southern part of the campus will be permeated by the smell of animal feces emanating from there.  Then, there are the students.  Most of them are from Chicago's suburbs and, to fend off the boredom of being in such a hideous location, have founded the US's largest Greek system as a distraction.  North Shore types are the most arrogant, with people from rural towns or out-of-state being more affable.  For graduate students, UIUC is not a great choice because, in some programs, the students come straight through from undergraduate at UIUC and there is a "canyon" between them and students who have gone to other schools and/or are from other areas of the country, especially for those who were in the workforce before coming back.  Grad students from other undergrad schools and other states/countries were relieved to find others who weren't former Illini.  Demographic and age dispersion for both undergraduate and graduate school is NOT a strong point for UIUC.

Do I recommend it?  If you're from Illinois and highly motivated, then check it out.  If you are from out-of-state and considering a U of I undergrad or are considering graduate school and, say, U of I is rated 4 and a state school that would be a much more enjoyable experience in a more appealing setting (UVa, UNC, Georgia Tech, or even Michigan) is theoretically rated 8, go with the OTHER school.  Also, be advised that unless you're in engineering, accounting,  continuing to grad school, or plan on a career in academia, U of I is more of a "regional" university than you're led to believe, and you're on your own if you return or relocate to the coasts.

In the end, 2 stars:  four stars for academics.... and zero stars for the dismal location, lack of demographic diversity, and state-centric experience.