The location of this place on prestigious Nassau Street in Princeton leads one to think that they are going to a high end lounge with snobbish patrons and high price food and drink. Well, at the Ivy Inn, it couldn't be further from the truth. Depending on your preferences, this place can be a nice oasis from the overpriced Princeton norm.

That all being said, the place is nothing more than a glorified dive full of a mix of old regulars and wayward college students. The decor is that of an old school pub, with the walls covered in beer signs and sports pictures from the University. The layout is little confusing and thrown together. When you come in, you have a pool table to your side and a carry out fridge in front of you. I guess this is to make it easier to get take out beer. The bar is against the far wall from where you walk in, on the other side of the beer coolers. In between the bar and the coolers is the men's room. On the other side of the bar is the ladies room. And on the other side of the ladies room, along the wall, is a small dart playing area. Across from the dart area in the corner is a DJ/stage. Then next to that is the seating area that can accommodate about 20 people.

I was there for a birthday party for my friend, Justin. First thing we found out is they are really strict about ID's. One of our friends had his green card, but no drivers license. He spent the night outside bumming smokes. Second thing, there is no food besides pop corn. So if you're hungry, eat something before you come. Third, it gets packed fast. Making the trip to the bar to get those cheap beers a bit of the challenge. Speaking of beer, they do have a good selection on tap other than your basic domestics. Lastly the karaoke guy isn't very friendly to put it nicely, he gets upset and combative at the slightest thing. Let's just say he was the reason for my group leaving for the night. We were told by management we are welcome back, but I feel that the damage has been done. The overcrowding was enough for me not to return, but add this guy to the mix, the chances of me coming back are slim at best.

There was no food so I can't say it's fat kid approved.

As always, stay peckish my friends.