Ok first of all, restaurant owners of the world, let's get something straight.  If you're famous, you're famous.  Sticking famous into your name won't automatically make you known to all.  And leaving it out won't doom you to labor in obscurity forever.  At least I don't think so.  Just in case, though, if I ever open a restaurant I'm going to call it Sarah's World-Famous Number One King of {Food Type}.  (Insert your favorite food in for {Food Type} because I'm totally going to specialize in your favorite food).

I was looking for a quick sandwichy lunch but wanted to try something new.  As always one of my major considerations when looking for lunch in Westwood was "can I get a table immediately and not have to practically be sitting on someone else's lap?"  I got a nice big booth all to myself so Jerry's passes the misanthrope in a hurry test.  

Service was quick.  I ordered the super Rueben.  Corned beef AND Pastrami with sour kraut and cheese on rye?  Awesome, right?  Well, yes and no.  First of all a half sandwich plate (comes with choice of fries or onion rings) is $13.  Want the whole sandwhich?  That's run you $17.  Come on, if I could afford a $25 lunch (with drink and tip), I'd be eating sushi.  So I ordered the half sandwich.

What I got was a reasonably tasty corned beef and pastrami with cheese on rye.  I will admit that the meat was stacked impressively high.  However I would have been happier with a sandwich with half the meat and maybe 3 times the sour kraut because it tasted like a corned beef and pastrami sandwich that maybe had a cabbage waved at it in the kitchen.  Then again maybe I wouldn't have been given the blandness of the kraut.  I did finally dissect the sandwich to make sure that there was actually sour kraut on it, and to taste said kraut.  Deli's are supposed to be the place to go if you want tasty things like sour kraut, right?   Yeah, not Jerry's.  It was clearly made out of cabbage but the resemblance to tasty kraut ended there.   I'd say that I'm pretty sure this came out of a can or jar but that'd be a serious insult to all the canned sour kraut I've had in my life that possessed actual flavors.  

Meanwhile my half a pile o' meat on rye sandwich came with onion rings.  They arrived at the table fresh from the deep fryer and were pretty good.  But by the time I'd finished my kraut-ectomy to confirm that what I was eating at least technically qualified as a reuben, the onion rings were cold and greasy.  I know, they're onion rings, they're supposed to be greasy.  Maybe I should have just gone for the fries instead but these were really unappealing once they'd lost their fresh from the fryer luster.

On the bright side the corned beef and pastrami were really good.  So just as soon as that Nigerian prince deposits my share of his father's fortune that I'm helping him get out of the country into my bank account I'll totally come back here for a $15 pastrami sandwich.  Wait, no I won't.  When I'm a bazillionaire I'll just pay someone to go find me a decent $6 deli sandwich.