Noe is incredibly nice I must observe, he greeted me, called me darling, asked my name and said my name after every sentence. He is very good at customer service, no question, but it seems the customer service is out of habit. He doesn't follow through, or in my case, he didn't. From recommendation from my sister, and good reviews on yelp, I decided to bring my pricey marc by marc jacobs dress in to be hemmed. I told him I wanted it done asap, so he told me to come back on Tuesday, and I had gone in on a Saturday. I went back on Tuesday around 4:40pm, and he says he is still working on it. In my opinion, I don't think he even started it. He told my to come back by 6, and that he'd have it done. So I went back around 6:45pm, and it was done, and I was promptly charged $30. 

My dress is made of an organza, gauzy type material, and has velvet hearts all over it. It has a slip that's of short length underneath as well, and I told him that I wanted the distance between the slip and the hem to be the same, post alteration. He told me it would be exactly the same, and even said, exactly the same, as I picked it up. It looks like he didn't even hem the slip, and maybe charged me for hemming two things. And the hemming on the edge of the dress is horrid. There's weird puckering and gathering of the hem on the inside. The hem line is literally scalloped in one area. The back of the dress is longer than the front, and when I lay it down flat on my bed, the rounded, scalloped hem of the dress is really evident.The velvet hearts are sticking out at awkward places and one of the hearts is stretched so its slightly warped. It's lucky for me that the dress is swingy and has a lot of fabric, that the scalloped edge isn't readily noticeable when worn, but when hanging or flat it's really quite obvious. 

I also told him I wanted to keep the fabric that was cut off. He didn't give it to me, and I had to remind him. He went away somewhere for a few minutes, as if searching for it in the trash and came back after, with a really small sliver. I think maybe the rest wasn't presentable or something. I'm actually pretty repulsed, now that I look at the hem. I love my dress, but now the hem has been botched. I still love my dress but I wish the hem was straight like it was before I went to Noe. I have a feeling he hemmed it haphazardly when I went in around 4:40, and said come back at 6, approximately an hour later. It seems he thinks that sticking to his word is better than good tailoring. And it shows, an hour of work is not good work. I would never come back here, or heaven forbid recommend this man to a friend, maybe to an enemy. 

I really wish my experience had been better though, because he really is a nice guy. I think he was just caught up with saving face or something, since he didn't have it done on the day he said he would. Ugh.