I was looking for a place to go to for my anniversary with my boyfriend. I read tons of reviews of restaurants on Yelp and decided to go here. It had pretty decent reviews and the menu that I found online looked good as well. 

It went downhill from the moment we walked inside. We went on a weekday evening during finals week (I'm a student on campus) and there were only a few tables filled (by few, I mean literally 3 tables). We waited 5 minutes before we were even addressed, even though my boyfriend and I were the only people waiting in the front. It took another 7 minutes to seat us in an almost completely empty restaurant. 

We received our menus and some bread (which was good) and water. The waitress came by to announce the specials, one of which included some udon noodle dish which confused me because they do not fit the cuisine of the restaurant (Latin American-esque vs. japanese), which I thought was odd. 

Being from Chicago, and having experienced real Latin American/"American" food, as well as actual good food, I would definitely not label this restaurant as it has been.

We ended up ordering the phyllo-wrapped lamb and the beef stew. When the food came, I couldn't help but notice how limp the "vegetables" were. They looked like they had been defrosted from a bag of mixed vegetables. The mashed potatoes that came with the meal were also just so-so. It had big chunks in it, like they didn't even take the time to mash them all the way. 

The lamb was alright. It was cooked well, pink in the middle, but the goat cheese on the outside (between the phyllo and lamb) was overpowering. The beef stew my boyfriend had was accompanied by the same limp vegetables and half mashed potatoes. The stew itself was nothing special either. 

We didn't order drinks or anything extra, and our bill was still over $45. It was hardly worth the price for the amount or quality of food we got. 

I definitely will never go back. The food was less than inspiring and the service was horrible.