If I could leave 0 stars, then I would. The company is absolutely horrible, let me detail the ways.
1. The took 4 days to fix our front door lock. FOUR DAYS! In the meantime, we were not able to lock our door while we left. Yea, an unlocked door in West Campus is just asking for it.
2. They took weeks to respond to maintenance requests. Once the toilet pipe burst or something and it overflowed into my closet, the only area with carpet. It took them weeks to come clean it but by then it was already mildewy smelling and they had to cut away the carpet and replace it with wood... except the guy left the job half finished. Water also leaked into my roommates room from the laundry room and the walls started to mildew there. They never really fixed that.
3. When showing your apartment, don't always expect a call, especially if you have a roommate. They will only call one person, even after you repeatedly ask them to call you as well. And they will be pissy about it.
4. Heaven forbid you ever have to go into the office. Apparently they don't understand the concept of customer service.
5. Our heater was broken for a month in January and we had $200 bills. Yea, that took months to get them to compensate us because it was apparently broken when we moved in and it was from nothing that we did.
6. The foundation on our apartment was shifting. That meant lots of uneven doors that didn't close well, as well as uneven doors leading to the outside that wasted a lot of electricity. Of course, we should have noticed this when we moved in, and we have since learned our lesson. What we didn't realize was that they just paint over the cracks every year and then charge you when you move out for them!
7. Speaking of paint, they use the cheapest quality paint possible so that it gets horribly dirty and they will have to charge you for that again.
8. Now speaking of money, they will nickle and dime the death out of you. After moving out, they somehow managed to keep over half of our deposit... yes over half. We are not irresponsible girls, we never had parties and never did wild and crazy things. Lesson learned, when dealing with University Realty, don't expect your money back. Needless to say, I got another apartment with responsible management and we have a gloriously drama-free relationship.

Sorry this was so long, but I really wanted to detail how horrible they are and I have even more stories. If you MUST live in West Campus, do not rent from them whatsoever.