Boy oh boy. We've been here a several times before and always found the food and service to be impeccable.  So, when my fiance's mother came to visit from D.C. (and it just happened to be restaurant week),  we thought The Carillon would make for an excellent "special occasion" meal.  
The meal started out well enough, arrived a little early for our 8:00PM reservation, were seated promptly, ordered a great Sancerre.  We tried all three apps on the Restaurant Week menu:  the hint of sweetness from the Diablo sauce and pear on the pork belly was divine, but the tomato soup and ahi tartare were uninspired and bland (though the plating was beautiful).  
Then we hit a snag.  We were enjoying the wine and the company when we noticed that all three tables around us had started receiving their entrées, though they only ordered first and second courses while we were eating finishing up our appetizers.  We didn't think much of it at first , and when our server came to apologize, she told us that our tickets had somehow got stuck behind a table of 15. Their food was being plated now and our should be out shortly.  No problem, we thought.  We could wait another minute or two.  So we ordered a few more glasses of wine and waited.  And waited. And waited.  After another hour, a manager came to apologize; apparently our tickets had fluttered away.  He offered to comp our entrées, which went over well until they arrived.  
Several other tables around us had ordered the lamb from the RW menu, and we had been drooling over their food all night.  When our food arrived, however the two chops had been reduced to one.  The braised short ribs were excellent, but the half portion of lamb seemed a slap in the face after we had watched every one else eat their full portion, dessert, and then leave while we were left hungry and angry.  To their credit, the kitchen did send out another order of pork belly to mollify us.  And they did comp our entrees, the extra pork belly, and two glasses of wine. 
Normally free food and wine go a long way to assuage my anger at a restaurant, and, indeed, I was in a good mood when we left.  I thought I would give them a four star review and talk about how gracious and apologetic the manager had been, how friendly our server was, and how delicious the lamb chop had been.  And then two AM rolled around and my fiance leaped out of bed, sprinted to the restroom and got enjoy dinner in reverse.  Two hours of nonstop vomiting does not leave a good taste in your mouth.  Literally.  And free food does not make up for the kitchen's mistakes if the food makes you sick.  Because we shared all of the other dishes equally, we are inclined to blame the Ahi Tartare.  So beware.  I hope this was an aberration, because The Carillon had set the bar so high on previous visits.