I have been to Ashley's a few times during the day and every time it's been ok. This last time was horrid enough to say I'd never return. Here is my story....Walked in to be greeted, (oh wait you have to exchange words with a person to be greeted) and the guard dog grabbed my shoulder to check my ID. Perhaps if he used his words like an adult I would have gotten my ID out. Like I said, I had only been there during the day and never had my ID checked. So whatever, I get over that. I walk to the back with my friend to meet other people and they tell us that we have to find a seat and can't stand. So we walk back to the bar, grab a seat and a beer. We were there 5 mins and payed our bill. My friends tell us a table freed up, so we walk again to the back of the bar. We sat there for 2 mins and the bartender walks up to us with a very accusatory attitude and starts asking us if we have a problem with our service. We had no idea what he was talking about. He quickly informed us that we did not leave him a tip. My friend starts to apologize since we were so pre-occupied with finding a table, we forgot to leave a tip. He reaches to his wallet and the bartender says 'whatever man' and walks away. At this point two things are going through my head. 1. Who hired this guy and why does he think it's good customer service to ask why someone didn't leave a tip. 2. Screw him now for walking away.
My friends were completely blind sided by this and I was too. After this no one wanted to try anymore of there "80 beers on tap." Who wants to receive crappy service for the rest of the night? Our server wasn't any better at the table, although he did mention the 18% gratuity included on the bill since we had a large group. He said he mentioned it because he knew we had a go-around with the bartender. 
The whole thing was unenjoyable and there was no presence of management of any sort. I wouldn't even bother writing a letter to the management staff, they will still be in business as long as there are U of M students around.