Okay Yelp, I've never asked for this before, but may I please have more than 5 stars?  Yes, it was that great!  From start to finish...service, to food, even price point...I can't imagine it getting any better than this!

   My sister had found a deal for Il Palio of 3 courses including a bottle of wine for $59.99 per COUPLE.  Their regular price for their 3-course menu is $39.99 per person with no wine.  So, quite a deal!  We made reservations and showed up tonight (Saturday night) for our 6:30 reservations to a relatively empty dining room with servers standing around. (note: it got busy soon thereafter).

  We were offered tap or bottled water (we chose tap, with no snooty reaction when that was our choice), and served an amuse bouche before we knew it. It was a wonderful smoked trout with beans bruschetta.  Delicious.  Between the four of us (one drank beer...he was the designated driver), we ordered a bottle of red and a bottle of white.  With our deal we had a choice of 3 whites and 3 reds. We went with the chardonnay and the cabernet.  The wine guy here is awesome!  Friendly, and well, perfect service! I LOVED that he gave each of us wine drinkers a glass for the red and a glass for the white and served them at the same time, so WE could choose what went best with which foods.  He presented wine the "proper" way without it feeling stuffy and pretentious.  Truly memorable! And we liked both of them very much.

    We were brought two kinds of bread with a pea puree/pesto type spread that was light and delicious, topped off with a nice quality olive oil.  Both breads were excellent...one of which was a sundried tomato focaccia...  the other was just a good basic bread that was probably my favorite.

    For our deal menu, we had our choice between three first courses, four seconds, and two desserts.  We two gals went with the blue crab ravioli, the stuffed trout, and the peach daiquiri dessert.  Guys went with the bolognese tagliatelle and, the steak dish, and the panna cotta dessert.

   I wish their website was working tonight (it hasn't been working all day), or I would quote accurate descriptions of these amazing dishes, but let me just say that they were all PERFECT, fresh, and amazing!  I have had trout at The Mint in Raleigh that was flat-out awful.  This trout was unbelievably good! It was stuffed with spinach and onions and fontina and cooked to perfection. The white asparagus with it was just the right texture with a nice tangy balsamic that went so well with the rich fish.  I've never cared for fish skin before but this was crispy and beyond delicious.  I tell you, this chef needs to go on Chopped or Iron Chef, and please let me be a judge!  I could go on and on, but I wasn't the only one happy. We ALL were.  The bolognese was full of flavor and the homemade pasta was cooked perfectly al dente..loved the little spice kick to it. Ravioli with fava beans...rich and a very generous serving...the tomatoes in the dish were the perfect sweet/acidic addition.  Guys LOVED their steaks. I managed to steal a tiny taste before I was almost stabbed with a fork (just kidding).  It was GREAT.  They all raved about the mushrooms (I don't do mushrooms, so I can't relate), and the side dish was a green creamy delicious treat that I cannot properly describe nor properly name.

    Coffee...excellent.  Dessert...again, very good. The peach one was a little parfait glass layered with creamy, fruity goodness, served next to a "rum baba".  Uh, what?  It was a small dinner roll that had supposedly been soaked in rum? It wasn't overpowering though, so all I know was, it was good cut up and put in the dish with the creamy fruit.  The panna cotta with blueberry sauce was also good, with a crunchy cookie type topping.

   Now, not only was service excellent, but we never even had to show our discount "postcard".  The discount was taken off our bill automatically.  Even with a more than twenty percent tip that we happily paid, this dinner was well under $100 for two.  

    We will not only be back, but will continue to rave about this meal for a long time!