Looks like someone needs to set the record straight on the Press. Its a classy joint with an eclectic crowd ranging from local college professors, students, blacks, whites and the occasional bro entourage wandering in from Rancho/Upland (and their numbers are definitely increasing, I'm guessing a few of the negative reviewers may be of this persuasion).

I should say also though I've frequented the Press with regularity now for a few years, its always been a night spot. For the majority of its patrons, the Press is a bar that happens to serve food. 

For this reason I suppose I can't say much to the negative reviews about the service. I just have never gone in there wanting or expecting a welcome wagon when I walk in the door nor a big corporate lapdog of a server. The Press is old school, the servers allow you the space to enjoy your meal and company without rushing. 

I will agree with those who have complained about the door, as they have had some atrociously dim and rude doormen in the past. Whatever, isn't that what a doorman is, a professional douche?

Now on to the food and drink. Like most Claremont stops neither are what you would call cheap, though if you are more of a beer or wine person you don't have to spend much (especially on 1/2 priced wine bottle wedensdays). They always have a Dale Brothers or two tap which is great and a respectable though pretty standard selection otherwise. The food is good, with the majority of the choices being lite and fresh. I just had the Mahi Mahi tacos last night and they were great albeit admittedly a little dry, but the salsa took care of that.

It also hosts live music many nights out of the week, in my opinion its biggest weakness, as the majority of the local acts are pretty bad. 

Until the emergence of the Hip-Kitty, the Abbey, and some of the newer places in Pomona, The Press really was an oasis amidst the dessert in terms of its uniqueness in the bar scene. So to all of you complaining about the "pseudo-intellectual" crowd (because it makes sense to call grad students psuedo intellectual), you know the High-Brow is just up the street and they're probably wandering where you are.