About 2 years ago, I was desperate of getting my skin get healthy.  I went to 3 dermatologists in the bay area that even my  friends recommended..All of 'em prescribed me different kinds of antibiotics.  It was a horrible experience.  I had huge acne all over my face up to the top of my scalp and my back.  I knew something was wrong because I was noticing that my lips were  turning black from taking oral antibiotics and topical as well.  With all these frustrations, I was so desperate and tried to go online and look for a dermatologist of  my choice.   I got to tell ya'll, I felt like it was a gamble to find one-- not knowing who would be the best one for my case.  Luckily, I found Dr. Berman.  He was intimidating at first.  Just because, he asks me first   thing, what I think was wrong with my skin.  And I'm like--well, I needed help that's why I got to see you...I mean "i DON'T kNOW, DUH???  Then so, he checked my chest, back and tummy to see any unwanted hair growing.  And he explained to me that it could be some hormonal imbalance that I am experiencing.  So, he asked me to see an OB-gyn..And I was like--that's weird....But as desperate as I was , I thought, I'd do whatever it takes, and followed his advice.  True enough, it was some sort of abnormality...I never thought that having irregular period is REALLY a  hormonal thing.  To cut my story short,  My acne starts to diminish after like 4 months.  Now, though it sounds too good to be true, I don't see any acne in my face.  My skin color has gone better.  Dr. Berman got everything under control.  Looking back 2 years ago,   I appreciate how my skin got back to its natural glow....Not perfect yet...because I deveoped huge pores and some scaring  from acne but  Dr. Berman gave me several options for treatment .  Microdermabrasion is my favorite because it's working great minimizing my large pores.  It is a little bit expensive though but it's all worth it.   Just go and check it out .  I know!  I know...Dr. Berman could be intimidating but he won't bite!  The only bad thing I'd have to say about his practice is that the COFFEE MACHINE DOESN'T MAKE GOOD COFFEE.  NEEDS SOME SERVICE DONE ON THIS MACHINE!!!  Look for Nora  to set-up an appointment.  She's very sweet and thoughtful.