Those of you looking for a nice night out could certainly do worse than a $40 four-course tasting menu at Craigie On Main. The catch? It's only available after 9 o'clock on Sundays and, barring a food allergy, is completely predetermined by the chef. I have no problem leaving my meal in the hands of a James Beard award-winning chef, but others might. My friend and I, who are always looking for fine-dining at affordable prices, stumbled across the Chef's Whim, and knew we had to try it. We had both been to Craigie before and been disappointed, but saw this as an opportunity to set things right.

We actually opted for the $55 six-course meal, but could have easily done with the cheaper version. Everything was the same between the two tasting menus (as we saw firsthand with the table ordering next to us), except for two supplemental courses, a cheesy pumpkin soup with grilled cheese and pork belly (rich and decadent, and maybe worth the extra cost alone), and a scoop of blackberry sorbet (lame, and a waste of a "course").

The dishes that overlapped in both menus ranged from good to excellent. My favorite was probably the cod cheek tempura, served with pickled peppers, preserved lemon, and a decent smattering of squid ink. There was a lot of salt in this dish, but it was not overpowering in the slightest. Seared swordfish with clams, whelks, and "early fall succotash" (which my friend aptly described as the vegetable portion of a tv dinner) came next. It was light and refreshing, and the sea critters were cooked perfectly.

Our main entree, if you will, was a chicken thigh confit that was rather hard to dissect, both physically and flavor-wise. I wrote down the laundry list of ingredients presented by the waiter, but had trouble pinpointing some of them within the dish. I'm still drooling, however, thinking of the skin on our chicken. I may be 6'1" and a lean 170 lbs, but I'm a fatty through and through. Now onto dessert. : )

After my previous brunch here included sour milk panna cotta, I was a little disappointed to see it served for dinner as well. It is a delicious and texturally complex dish (the coriander casher granola is a perfect accompaniment), but I wish I got to try something different--preferably something with chocolate. For $40, I will definitely be back some Sunday in hopes of having my wish granted.