I arrived with my wonderful wife to this highly yelped establishment & found a no frills place w/ a small open dinning room w/ limited decor, bright lighting & a sort of intimate customer base that suggested that no one was leaving anytime soon.  There were only 3 tables left, 1 literally touching the front glass of the pastry display case, 1 blocking the kitchen exit, & a 6 top right in the thick of it.  A guy, who ended up being our waiter that night suggested the we take the one in front of the pastry counter, said it was the least molested & we took his suggestion.  I quickly ordered 2 Turkish beers, said to be like Shiner & Budweiser, of which I quickly disagreed.  They tasted more like a Killians Red (even though not red in color), & a Heineken, both good.  On the table free of cost, like chips & salsa, a sesame pita thing w/ a sesame & spice dip that is awesome!!!

I was happy to see the beers come out fast & even happier when the waiter actually started taking interest in our having the best dinning experience possible.  I always ask the wait staff "What is good?"  I figure they are there all the time, they should know, or work somewhere else.  SIDE NOTE: (I hate it when I'm told "Everything, or I don't have a favorite."  In addition, I don't like it when they say something like, I like the salad, or the burger, just because.  This tells me that they, & possibly the restaurant, has no imagination what-so-ever & is not taking pride in the food that they do have.)  The waiter promptly took the normal stance that we were American scaredy cats & that we are looking for Americanized safe food.  Oh contrar mona mi.  I have been half way around the world, food is my hobby!!!  So I proceeded to pry out of him what he likes on the menu, because frankly, I'm pretty sure he was Turkish!!!  lol.  After letting down his normal guard, he proceeded to tell us the things on the menu that he really likes & why.  Come to find out they are the things that are closest to what his mom makes him at home!!!  He suggested 4 things, paired w/ one another because each enhances the taste of the other.  We proceeded to order the full sampler because it had all 4, the suggested 4, plus 4 more!!!  If you get this sampler, be sure you have 4 people or more...lol  It comes with pickled beens, picked leeks, the yogurt sauce, egg plant salad, humus, a Turkish pico, & I forget the other 2.  I loved the pico, yogurt & humus the best  They pickle everything in Turkey I guess...lol  They give you the sesame pita like thing to dip in these samplers as well.  When it arrived the waiter was sure to explain to us all 8 of the items & bring us more pita.

For the entre we ordered the Turkish pizza which is a very thin pita w/ a "lamb spread" on it, then baked, but not to crunchy status.  I wondered why, but not for long because along comes the waiter again w/ instructions on how to eat the pizza.  You load it up w/ all the vegetables that were served on the side, then roll it up like a tortilla & eat it.  We were then again surprised by the waiter when he brought us a double shot glass sized glass full of what reminds me of the Indian salty lassy yogurt drink.  He tells us, take a bite of the rolled pizza, then a drink of the salty drink, & guess what?  It was perfect!!!  No better match of drink & food could be made.  Along w/ the Turkish pizza, we got a plate of lamb kabobs & rice w/ more side vegetables, pickled of course...lol  This was also good, but by this time I was stuffed, so I didn't eat as much of it.  I did however have a little of a sweet tooth after that meal though &asked what the waiter suggested.  With a Grinch like grin on his face, he told us that he had the perfect desert, but it was off menu, & $5.  Would we be interested?  Of course we were!!!  He hadn't been wrong all night!  A couple minutes later he brings out this little aluminum Turkish looking skillet, very hot, & in the middle is a couple of their "hay stack" looking things, smashed down into a pancake, soaked in maybe honey & butter & browned?  On top of it is a tiny scoop of heaven, otherwise known as Belgian Cream...  Of all the Mediterranean, or Turkish deserts that I have ever had, this has been the best & I would recommend it every time.  The waiter actually made it for us himself, & it is his favorite dessert that his mom makes!!! We also ordered a Turkish coffee (kinda like an espresso shot), & a Turkish hot tea (like a double shot of hot English breakfast tea).  Ladies, ask to have them tell your story from the coffee cup!!!  A perfect & wonderful ending to a perfect & wonderful meal & night.

I would recommend this restaurant to all those interested in good & authentic Turkish food w/ great service & a very good price.  With 4 drinks, a 4 person appetizer, 2 entres, an off the menu dessert, a Turkish coffee, & a hot Turkish tea, our bill was under $50.  Not bad for 2 full hours of eating, which only seemed like 45 minute.  Better then Fadi's!!!