The Tale of the 4-Starred, Up Close and Personal Bar.

The Back Abbey is a bar that is located in the charming West Village part of Claremont. The area resembles the old shopping strip-meets-new shopping strip of San Luis Obispo.  What they did -- or so I've been told -- is that they've managed to preserve the old strip, leaving it looking the way it presumably did in the 70s.  Rhino Records is located in the older part.  The Back Abbey in the new part.  Both distinct areas of their aesthetic and consumer pull. 

The Back Abbey specializes in Belgian draft beer.  They carry some German and English beer, as well.

Wow, the selection of beer. Let me tell you! A lof of them I have never heard of. I tasted the Augustijn (Belgian) and the Hofbrau Original (German).  Both were good, but I prefer the Hofbrau.They come in different sized glasses, with the Hofbrau coming in a long glass. The Augustijn was $9, and the Hofbrau $6. The Hofbrau came in the larger glass, so the Augustijn must be considered some premium brew for it to be in a smaller glass and come knocking down doors at a mighty $9.  

I liked the overall aesthetics of the place. There is an up-close-and-personal feel to the bar. Along with the standard bar and barstools set-up, there's a long table that goes from one end of the bar to the other. People sit across from each other and, since the tables are not wide, you're not far at all from the person sitting in front of you. Like I wrote earlier, up close and personal is what this bar has going for it.

They have a food menu, as well. Above their draft selection of beer, they have a chalkboard placed high up with a list of what they serve. For those veggies among us, they even make a veggie burger.

Lastly, the patrons all seem to know each other. Maybe it's the small town mentality. But it's not exactly a backwards, hick town. It's very much modern in certain ways, and people just love to talk. Couple that with brew, and there's a lot of talk going on.

I had a discussion with someone at the bar, who bartends at a bar not too far from The Back Abbey, and he told me that the Augustijn is the oldest beer recipe known to man. (Ah, ok. Old is vintage. Vintage is expensive. Thus, Augustijn is expensive.  And two + two = four. I got this down, partna'.)   Again, can we give it up for "up close and personal"?

And, lastly, the bartenders were very attentive and enjoyed talking about the difference between the brews. The goateed gentlemen was specifically patient in describing which ones were Belgian, German, and English.

The mantra of this review should be "up close and personal."  This is what this 4-star bar is all about.