My favorite place in Princeton! 

The relaxed eastern ambience combined with the friendliness of the owners make this place feel like a home away from home. You can come here any time of the day to work, drink tea, catch up with friends, listen to music, or play board games. Other highlights include free WiFi and a variety of seating areas - from cozy floor cushions to spacious wooden and glass tables in the back perfect for working or studying, to small two person tables ideal for catching up with friends. 

The food and teas/coffees are great (and definitely NOT overpriced) and the owners take extra care to make sure everything is perfect. If not (which is very rare), they will often bring a new meal free of charge. The ingredients are fresh and healthy - the owners make most of the food in the kitchen, and gather ingredients from around the world. The food is vegetarian, and while I am not vegetarian, I have loved all of the items so far. Customer service is amazing 5 star - extremely personal and accomodating, all the items are brought right out to your table, often by the owners themselves, inifinitely better than Starbucks or Small World. While some reviewers have complained that the teas take longer to make, that's only because of the care needed to freshly brew certain varieties of tea - if you're in a hurry, just ask which drinks are made faster. The owners are also very welcoming of feedback and actually make changes based on customer suggestions.

In addition, Infini-T is not just a tea house, they also have many items for sale - Turkish coffee cups, scarves, spices, and other items gathered from around the world. The furniture is also imported from around the world. On many Friday nights, they have live music, making sure to incorporate a range of styles - jazz, country, folk, more exotic styles as well. Recently, they even had a bellydancing show.
 
Everyone who I have brought to Infini-T has loved it and many have become regulars. I am here several evening per week and highly recommend it.