This is a mom and pop, (and grandmom, and grandpop, and daughter operation...even the eight year old girl will come by and chat with you, with more poise than most sommeliers), that just opened up in the Old Eddie's Market. While Eddie's, as occupied by its latter proprietors, had indecipherable Soviet Post Office Hours, Ginger is pretty much open from a more convenient FiddlerRoofian Sunrise to Sunset, to accomodate ideal rumpus hours across the street at Grant Park. 

My picnic date and I ordered the Roast Beef Sandwich ($7) with arugula, red onion marmalade, and horseradish aioli. The horseradish was mild, and good for those whose palate and disposition are not "as thick as Tewkesbury Mustard," but the sandwich was still very flavorful, as was the marinated veggie with goat cheese sandwich ($6). As side salads, we got the Greek (picnic date thought there was too much raw amino acid sulfoxide-laden onion) and the potato salad (very classic and simple, but good...not too much mayo, but still soft potatoes for the win!). I came back the next day and ordered a cafe mocha, which is made with our native Pasadena delicious Jone's coffee. The owner was so excited about the new shipment of chocolate, and thus my mocha was truly Oompa-loompaesque. (He asked if he put too much chocolate, which is unfortunately a question based on an impossible premise, and I will soon vigorously recommend that he read "Plato and Platypus Walk Into a Bar.") I do have perhaps one gripe with the otherwise delicious cafe mocha; in my opinion it wasn't quite warm enough, so increasing the brew temp would be my only suggestion. We partook of the free samples of desserts (a savory cookie with lots of herbs and spices and a flaky pastry with chocolate), and both were delicious.  

The store is very cute and has old fashioned Hershey bars, soda pop bottles, and various other Ye-Olde-Confectionary-Shoppe style items. They also have a few toys for the kiddos. These are cool, but I do recommend supplying larger and heavier hula hoops, for all but the tiniest of children. This is because (according to a powerpoint I just found on the internet), it's easier to keep the hula going that way: "The heavy hoop has more rotational energy, so it will be easier to keep moving. The faster the hoop goes!, the more centripetal force...which pushes it up against my body! The more normal force it feels from my body, the more static friction is keeping it from sliding down." Basically, what happened was that I told my picnic date I was a world-class hula hooper, and this ended in a major embarrassment. 

Anyway, I highly recommend heading to Ginger and having a nice picnic, while ogling at cute basketball players in the courts across the street. The food is good and reasonably priced, and the whole family is very friendly and excited for people to like their food.