IF PAPER WERE FABRIC I'D WEAR IT

I often do not give a five-star rating to anyone. Hollanders blew me away with their selection, quality and service. 

I just went over there for the first time during Ann Arbor's Midnight Madness.  This was my first trip there and I spent so much time there I think I was in there for 45 minutes to an hour. In a paper store?- seriously I was. 

SUMPTUOUS PAPER
You just want to reach out and touch, rub, feel the papers, as some of them look silky and alive (but I kept my hands off so as to not ruin the papers).  It's an explosion of design for the senses.  Some of their paper looks like you could take it off the rack and begin sewing with it, it's that beautiful. 

TIP OF THE CARDSTOCK
Paper is just one item at Hollanders though, as they have many gifts, stationaries, cards, journals, etc. to choose from and upstairs is an entirely different store- high-end housewares. 

You will have to walk through many many times to take it all in as they have quite a bit of space compared to many of the small Kerrytown retailer spaces.  The selection is vast, so you'll need time to take it all in.  *Hollanders is an experience.*  You don't just dash and grab like you're at Walgreens, so plan on spending time there and enjoy the experience.

BRING OUT THE ARTIST IN YOU
Even if you're not an artistic, crafty type of person, one trip to Hollanders might make you want to take up some type of artistic hobby and run with it.  The blank card stock and stationary selections also might make you ditch the constant emailing and opt to put pen to paper- takin' it back to old school. 

IN SUMMARY
If you ever saw "The Sound of Music" (who hasn't?) and gotten all  crazed when Julie Andrews sang the line "The Hills are alive with the sound of music...", then you just might go into Hollanders and have the same experience she had- but from paper. I'm not kidding. Try not to spin around too much though since you might knock something over. hee hee

Go see for yourself.