Gundam was here.

Yes, Gundam and about 8358636232368 of his big-titted comic books friends. How can I not be alright with that? exactly. 

Before going further into this I should mention that I'm not huge into a lot of comics, but when I saw Homer Simpson's fleshy figure through the windows at Vault 'o Midnight, I was drawn to VoM like a Bender to a beer. I guess if I had to pinpoint what I'm most into about comics, it would be the characters... specifically the ones with animal-like features, or elephantiasis-like body parts... I'm talkin' jugs and junk, yo. I know it's not real, but I still can't help but stare. 

Anyway, I'd say I'm somewhat of a comic novice, though I did have some formal comic education (no really) while in college when I took a semester's worth of 'Development of Comics in World Societies' circa 2003/2004. So yeah, you could say I've been keepin' it pretty real in the un-real world. Plus, I like to shop around for new looks in CBs. Some people look to Elle or GQ or Glamour, I look to ThunderCats and X-Men... okay, Pinterest helps too. 

Entering Vault of Midnight, two major things stood out to me as opposed to some of the other comic stores I've visited. A. It is the cleanest, most modern best organized shop I have ever been in. And B. (and I'm just gonna lay this all out there) It has, hands down, the most attractive employees. These nerds are burnin' up folks... and they're not just comic eye-candy, these cats got mad knowledge on all things cartoonin'. 

With a little bit of everything, I think we can all agree that their strong suit are the actual bound paper-print comics. With 2 floors, the basement of which being a masterfully cataloged selection from what seemed like every genre, era, etc. They had collectables, a few figurines, signed posters, tiny toys, and ever-changing and up-to-date display featurettes highlighting a certain artist or style- at the time of my visit it was dedicated to Will Eisner, the works of, inspired by, biographies, etc. Just a really immaculate way to present a topic. 

When back in the area, this is a store I think I'll always have on my 'to-do' agenda, and somewhere I highly recommend adding to your repertoire as well.