Wow. Simply wow. The fact that I'm giving another coffee place 5 stars (considering the review I wrote for Taste Coffee House) is truly remarkable. Crema Cafe is easily accessible from Harvard Square, and it will quickly become my on-the-way-home-from-work dinner stop.

As Erica G. said in her review, "If you are a vegetarian, I highly recommend the sweet potato sandwich." On that note, I highly recommend it if you aren't! That delicious concoction of fresh sweet potatoes, sweet green apple slices, avocados, sprouts, and hummus & caramelized shallot vinaigrette is enough to make me want to turn vegetarian... I mean, if that means I can have the Sweet Potato Sandwich every day of my life, then please sign me up. If only I had more room for the homemade sweet potato chips... mmmm.

Now, what sets this place apart is its value. I gave it one $ because it is cheaper than many other coffee places... it's all relative. The large latte is actually the size of a Starbucks grande, but it costs near the amount of a tall; however, it manages to safely combine FOUR shots of espresso into the cup. FOUR. The espresso junkie in me is jumping for joy right now. The espresso has a mildly sweet taste to it, and the ratio of espresso to flavored syrup to milk is done very well, as to compliment the great taste of these four shots without taking away from the authenticity of a latte. While this latte was surprisingly delicious to me, I still think Taste Coffee House beats it out by a smidgen, especially when considering the barista skills of the Taste guys... the latte art and overall taste couldn't quite compare. But, for that price, I'm still pretty shocked... or, maybe I'm just shaky from all that caffeine. Nevertheless, greatness was consumed!

Lastly, the sweets... Although I did not subdue my cravings (too full), they looked immaculately incredible. Not to mention the creative recipes and massive cookies for $1.75.

So, congratulations are in order for Crema Cafe... you've earned my utmost respect and allegiance. See you soon.