After a little reading on yelp, I decided to treat my boyfriend to a nice brunch at HT. Our usual Brunch place is at Veggie Planet in Harvard Square, but after finding out that HT offers local, organic products (so does veggie planet) I thought it best to give it a try. 
Out experience was very comfortable. We arrived around 10:20 (we did cut it a little close, breakfast ends at 10:30 and they close the kitchen to prepare for the Brunch buffet at noon) The hostess was very nice and allowed us to sit and eat even though it was past 10:30 by the time we were being seated. There were about 4 parties in front of us and the line went quickly.
When we sat we were greeted by our server within a few minutes and offered hot coffe or freshly squeeze orange juice (It was amazing! ). Within 5 mintues we ordered the fruit plate (9$) and each an omlette (9$ each)
Our fruit plate came out quickly. It was nicely arranged: pineapple, concord grapes, grape fruit, oranges, melon (2 kinds), strawberries, blueberries and a few others. Everything looked beautiful! Each bite was favorful and fresh. I have never tasted a fruit plate like that. Each fruit tasted just like it should, everything was perfectly ripe. 
After enjoying our fresh fruit out omlettes came out. They were very large, fluffy, and moist. I belive they were cooked in the oven, which I've never tried. Very tasty! The cheese was fresh, the veggies were abundent! At least 2 oz of spinch in each! The hasbrowns/homefries were to die for! Part buttery, with a crispy bottom. My boyfriend got a tasty peice of fresh pumpkin bread that had butter on the side. I opted for a grilled english muffin, not greasy at all, a perfect crunch to each peice. There was 3 kinds of fresh perserves offered on the table, but we were so excited we forgot to try them. Our waiter did tend to dissapear for a bit, we waited for our check for about 10 mintues. Someone else brought out our food. Although, he was very friendly and curtious, and our water glasses were never empty I can't complain.
The total came to about 42$ which is double the price of usually what we get at veggie planet.  I would come here maybe once every couple of months. In total I dropped 50$ which is what I usualy spend on a night at our favorite sushi place, but I can't complain. The food was amazing! Through and through. I'm contempating coming here for a nice dinner.