to find a music store like this in or near the inland empire is very rare.  rhino records, while not the largest store, will usually have what you're looking for, even the more obscure music or that which has a cult-following.  if they don't have what you came in there to purchase, you're never going to walk out empty-handed, because you're going to find some other record that you've been "meaning to buy for a while" or an album that's difficult to find physically in a store.  believe me, i keep a list of every album i want to buy and, more times than not, the rarer albums are the ones i see at rhino records.

the staff is helpful and knowledgeable.  lately, i have gone in there with some trade-ins of albums that i no longer want or need, and i get a decent amount for them.  but, don't go in there with horrible music or media in terrible condition and expect a golden nugget in return;  it just won't happen [luckily, i take good care of my albums, which are in boxes].  

prices on the music varies, depending upon the artist and how rare the album is, but i don't feel as if i've ever been robbed there.  one dollar vinyl lp and one dollar vinyl forty-five sections will sometimes have a treasure for you, should you be willing to be persistent in your search.  a very useful section in the store has a few turntables for you to test out any used vinyl records you may find worthy of purchase.  new and used compact discs are mixed together within artist sorting, so make sure you look at the price sticker before going forward with your purchase.

the location is at a nice spot in claremont, with a nice, low-key, "downtown" feel to the surrounding area, with free two-hour parking to boot [though, sometimes i'm diggin' in the crates for longer than two hours].  there is a parking lot made for the store itself [as well as its video shop neighbor], but it's best to avoid this parking lot, as it's tiny and sometimes harder to park or exit if there are larger vehicles in the lot.  the store is not very far from the interstate ten [exit indian hill, head north, right on first, left on yale].  the hours are decent, and to have it stay open until ten p.m. on friday and saturday nights is a plus.

so, for those of you that have money burning in your pocket for music, rhino records will scratch that good itch well.