I, unlike some yelpers, am not a big crust person which is why I elect for cobbler over pie.  And after many months of anticipation and a perfect afternoon at Lacy Park, I knew the time was right.  Not only that, but the 15 minute parking spot right in front of THE FACTORY was open.  We were meant to be.

Since it was during the week and still relatively early, the selection was amazing.  I picked up a mixed berry and peach cobbler.  I tried the peach first because I don't like peach.  Why did I buy peach if I don't like it?  I thought it would change me... but it didn't.  The peach cobbler was just "eh" but I would say that about anything containing peaches so don't trust me.  On the other hand, I spend more time craving berry cobbler than I sleep so I know a good one when I taste it.  It was mind-blowing!  I took a single bite then scurried home and threw it in the oven (350, covered in foil for about 10 minutes) and then slathered it with plenty of vanilla ice cream.  The tartness of the berries combined with the sweetness of the ice cream was pure bliss.  I would have eaten the whole thing if someone wasn't watching me...

Did I mention that the young woman who helped me was wonderful?  I didn't... but she was.

Update: My boything went to GCF to get me a cobbler surprise and showed up with one blueberry and one mixed berry cobbler.  Thank you and I love you for that.  Both were sickly delicious, as expected.  Also, he's 6'7 and he told me the woman working called him "Shorty" multiple times.  Hilarious.  This place could only get better if I lived there.

Update: I forgot to note earlier that all of the cobblers are made with fresh fruit and no preservatives.  Also, on my most recent visit, I ordered a 8x10" mixed berry cobbler (feeds 6-8) for $25.  You give them the time you'd like to pick it up and they have your piping hot cobbler read for you.

Update again:  So GCF called me to tell me my cobbler would be an hour late.   I came in an hour later and it still wasn't ready.  They were very nice and apologized in the form of one free small order of gumbo which I thought was really nice!  The gumbo, however, had FOUR chicken bone fragments, a shrimp with a tail still on, and crab shell fragments, too.  So I had no choice but to take away one star.  I would have taken away 3 if I had paid for the gumbo...