Went here because my brother-in-law and his fiancee were treating us and they like this place and so we followed. Here's my visit. 

Ambiance: I learned from my future sister-in-law that the restaurant is owned by members of a local Reggae band and so hearing reggae music being played all night and seeing colorful artwork and tables throughout the place didn't throw me off. Yes, the decor and feeling of the place didn't really fit with the more upscale food and plates they are trying to produce, but it was relaxing enough and I didn't mind the contrast. 

Service: There was one bar tender and one server. Both did their jobs and payed enough attention to the house and their guests. There were a few times I wanted more water or a drink refill or dirty dishes cleared but for the most part our server was fine. 

Food: I'm quite surprised with a lot of the negative reviews written about the food. Most low star entries talk about the blandness of the food and I found that to be far from the truth.

Kangeroo dip: Cheesy, gooey, creamy, delicious dip accompenied by well seasoned what seemd to be homemade tortilla chips. The portion is a humble one so our table of five could have used a second round but it nonetheless was a nice start to our meal.

Basket O' Fries: Double fried french fries with three dips to choose from. An obvious nod to Belgian style fries and I was very happy with them. Even though I thought the ingredients listed in the description came already on top of the fries, I had fun alternating between the tasty side dips and enjoyed the texture of the somewhat smoky tasting fresh cut fries. Good stuff. The curry dip was my favorite but the chil mayo and garlic aioli were nice as well.

Buffalo Whole Chicken Wings with Blue Cheese: A good wing with a good blue cheese for dipping. Not reinventing the wheel here. Just a nice buffalo wing. They do give you the whole wing so some tearing and pulling is called for which I'm not a fan of but not a big deal and nothing that will ruin the dish.

Baltimore Whole Chicken Wings with Ranch: This wing was different and delicious. The old bay seasoning was all over the chicken giving it a dry rub texture and feel. The taste is tangy with a little kick that goes great with the juicy chicken and creamy ranch. A delicious treat. This is the type of wing to get and I will certainly be getting them again in the future.

Beet and Goat Cheese Flat Bread PIzza: Didn't have a bite of this one but my wife enjoyed it so much she didn't even offer.

Fish & Chips: Took a bite of my brother-in-law's fish and it was nice. Good texture and flavor. The fish is a whole fillet on the plate so the presentation was impressive. Not sure if I would personally spend $17.50 for fried fish not mattering the quality though.

Drinks: Their drink list is impressive and shows off a lot of local beer but also beers from micro brews around the country. My first drink was Ithaca Beer Co.'s Cascazilla. A real nice hearty, sort of sweet, hoppy red ale. Several levels of flavor and it helped me forget the poor showings from Scale House I experienced the day before. For my second drink I wanted the Mad Elf but much like any restaurant with a large drink list there is a high chance things may be sold out and that was the case with this one. Instead I followed my Northwest roots and got a Red Hook Wit. A belgian style beer that was light and refreshing with hints of ginger. It was very tasty and I also liked the more stout looking bottle the beer came in. It's nice to see Seattle being represented in the beer list and Northstar choose a good one to do so. 

Last thoughts: Really this place is a winner. With great food and good drinks there's little I would want more. Sure the feel of the place is somewhat off and the service wasn't spectacular but that can't stop the fact that I enjoyed myself very much and would for certain would come back here. I'm already planning on treating my brother-in-law and his fiancee to a Northstar meal the next time I'm back in town.