After training at another local gym for about 4 years, I came to Redline a year ago looking to prepare myself to compete in kickboxing and MMA. The verdict: this place is f@cking awesome. In short: top quality instruction with dedicated classes in boxing, kickboxing, grappling, MMA, wrestling, and strength & conditioning; a great environment and convenient location; and highly competitive rates.  

The Redline instructors have an unbelievable amount of knowledge and experience, some with professional records that are so impressive they would be almost unbelievable if you haven't witnessed their skills in person. (check out their bio's on the website) But records alone do not make a good teacher, and fortunately, the staff at Redline are amazing instructors as well.  

One thing you definitely won't find at other gyms is the instruction in the Chinese styles of San Da and Shuai Jiao. The former is a kickboxing style that, despite being relatively unknown in America, is particularly well suited to MMA in part due to its inclusion of take-downs. The MMA instructors at Redline also integrate Shuai Jiao techniques with more traditional Brazilian Jiujitsu moves, resulting in a holistic grappling style that is not only better suited to the 'ground and pound' reality of MMA, but one that can also catch BJJ practitioners off guard in grappling tournaments.  

The gym is ego-free and even the most talented fighters and teachers are very humble. The atmosphere is respectful and collaborative, with more experienced students offering advice and tips, and everyone is open to try new ideas. Importantly, the facilities are super clean and there are also plenty of changing rooms and showers - not to mention weights, cardio equipment, heavy bags, and a boxing ring (and soon a partial cage).  Whether you're just looking to get in shape, or you're interested in fighting competitively, Redline is hands-down one of the best gyms in the area, and I would encourage anyone who is interested to come in for a trial class.