What a fabulous hotel!  I stayed here recently for a friend's wedding and was extremely pleased with my stay.  The decor is beautiful (in particular, I compared it with the Hyatt Santa Clara, where i also stayed recently, and which has much more dated decor), and their Heavenly beds are, yes, heavenly.  I normally hate hotel beds, but I slept like a baby at the Westin (though that could've been due to the copious number of gin and tonics I had at the wedding reception).  The rooms are sizeable, and the bathrooms are *amazing*.  The shower has dual heads, and the bathtub is detached, like some sort of class-ay master bath or what have you.  My only complaint (and reason for the one star deduction) was that it took about 10 minutes for the water in the shower to warm up to a suitable temperature.  However, my friends who stayed in a different room had no problem with their shower, so it was probably just the pipes in my room.

The pool area, as others have mentioned, is quite small, so don't expect to get your lap swimming in.  I didn't go for a dip, but my friends did enjoy the hot tub.  We also liked the nearby bar/lounge area, where we spent a significant amount of time lying around on couches and chatting.

The location of the hotel is prime -- just a few minutes walk from the Caltrain, downtown Palo Alto, and a huge upscale mall.  It was super easy to grab some local eats -- and for my friend to buy slacks when he realized that he forgot to bring his suit!  (The mall was so close that he managed to run there, buy pants, and make it to the wedding ceremony before anyone else showed up.)

Runners will be happy to know that Westin has teamed up with Runner's World to provide a map of trails around some of their hotel locations.  The front desk gave me a small playing card-sized map of 3-mile and 5-mile trails circling Stanford University, which I happily used for my Saturday morning long run.  I had a great run and a great weekend, and I'd definitely stay here the next time I have reason to be in the peninsula area.