I've been in the market for a mattress for a month now. After a stop at leeds and sit & sleep, I had a good idea of what mattress I wanted. Then I want to make sure I got the right mattress for the best price. I checked yelped to see if there were other mattress stores in my area and mattress city had many reviews. I gave them a shot, and yes thank you yelpers. I was very impressed with the service I got. Theo and Dave were very helpful and they had a lot more knowledge about mattress then I expected. Theo helped me find the right mattress for my height and weight. Ive been sleeping on a firm mattress for a long time because i thought it was good for my back, but it wasn't cutting it. I wake up with numbness on my shoulders. He explained that's because I am a side sleeper. He suggested a pillowtop with strong foundation. I was so happy to figure out the reason and found  a solution to my low energy level during the day.

I told them my budget, which was under a thousand and the bed was much more than that. Since this was a family owned business, they were able to offer me a great deal at a  fraction of the cost the high chain ends were offering me. For a similar mattress, it was double the price at Sears and Macy's. They worked with me on the price and even offered me two pillows for my queen size bed. Since it was a high end bed, they also threw mattress protectors. It was very cool- stain and water proof. 

Deliver service what very accommodating. They were available for me after my work schedule. They have many deliveries days. I got mine delivered free. They took my old mattress away and two men brought my new mattress in and set it all up for me. They were very careful with my house, which I was surprised. Friendly service from beginning to finish. 

I told my family about it and my sister and mom bought one as well. Give them a shot first before you invest in a mattress. They have multiple locations all around pasadena. They are doing so well because of their service and price that's why they are growing. The staff made me feel at ease and I felt good after this one month endeaver.