When it comes to Thai food in the University District, all signs seem to point exclusively to Thai Tom. I don't know why, but people really make a big deal about this place. Best Thai food in Seattle? Maybe if all the more spacious and comfortable ones in the area are somehow inferior. That's not to say this place is anything short of excellent, or that I doubt in its ability to stand up to the competition. The food here is simply outstanding. Whether it's a better Thai restaurant than all the other ones in town is another question, but what is certain is that you really can't go wrong with any money spent here.

Because I knew how popular this place is and how limited the seating would be, I anticipated it getting full shortly after opening. I stood outside and waited until 11:30 AM with a handful of other eager customers. By 11:35, nearly every seat was taken. It was then that I realized I was dealing with serious business. While I was lucky enough to be seated, I saw the waiter turn away a few people and ask them to come back later because there just wasn't enough space to accomodate them. I don't know whether to be impressed by that, but if they're so successful, I wonder why they can't afford to get a bigger place.

The place itself, if the other reviews haven't made it obvious by now, is constantly busy and crowded. It looks old, worn out, and generally unpleasant. But it's a restaurant and not a museum where you marvel at artwork. The air here is pretty much always thick with the smell of delicious fried food. The kitchen isn't in its own separate room way in the back and out of the public eye; the cooks make your food right in front of your eyes. Consequently, it can also get rather hot, especially if you sit by the fires. But all this food is definitely worth the trouble. No matter how long you have to wait, you can be entertained by the aroma of other customers' meals and the display of the food being made.

Since so much of the fun of eating here comes from watching the cooks make everything, I'd suggest getting one of the seats at the counter near the front of the restaurant, kind of in the corner. It's a spectacular display, although not as ostentatious as teppanyaki. The cooks' hands move with astounding speed. They'll grab from the ingredients around them, crack eggs single-handedly, and noisily clatter the woks around as they perform all their cooking in a seemingly effortless manner. It's nice being able to see exactly how all this food is prepared, especially if it's obvious that it's being done by people who clearly have a lot of experience.

The menu here is something of an oddity. Instead of the usual thin and light paper menus, the ones here appear to be entirely painted on wooden planks. My first instinct was actually to take it as a joke, but I realize that it may have been a stylistic choice. I suppose they're really going for that authentic Thai feel here. From the rather brief list of hardly more than thirty items, I ordered the Phad Thai for $7.50. This restaurant is supposedly top-tier, but I wanted to get the most basic dish before venturing onward to their more "specialized" delicacies. I got it with chicken and three stars on the spicy scale from one to five.

Although there was quite a long queue of customers who had already placed their orders before I could get a chance to, it's almost not a concern because it was such a delight watching the guy cooking the meals jump from making one person's dish to another. It's amazing how he never seemed to mess up, too. On numerous occasions, it looked like he was stirring the food too carelessly and would make a mess, but he always seemed to catch it in his wok. The show had an almost mesmerizing quality to it. I don't know why I get such a kick out of watching one person multitask so efficiently. It's an entirely missed opportunity if you get seated at one of the tables to the side, away from where all the action is taking place. For this reason, I would not recommend coming here with too large and cumbersome of a group. Either way, it's quite possible to get seated right next to a complete stranger here.

My much-awaited lunch arrived with the chicken Phad Thai on one side of a long bowl, a clump of white rice occupying the other side, and a wedge of lime adjacent to all this. Sizzling in front of me, it looked and smelled like quite a feast, although I couldn't help but notice that it was... disappointingly small. To be fair, it was a very inexpensive dish, but insufficient as a whole meal for a voracious eater like me. All petty complaints, because the food itself was without a doubt among the best of Thai cuisine I've ever experienced. A sweet taste was dominant with this Phad Thai; I guess they had skimped on the spiciness, but I won't hold it against them. I may have exaggerated the flaws, but they're all insignificant when you consider that this is just about as close to perfection for Thai food in Seattle to feasibly reach.