The people at Veggie Heaven are very angry with the Chinese government.  It's written all over their menu.  Now I'm not really sure what it says, cause I can't read Asian, but people in the know have informed me that it's all just a big ruse.  Let me explain:

While the Russians and United States poured all their resources into their nuclear and space programs in the 60's, Chinese scientists were hard at work developing and perfecting the greatest meat subsitute the world has ever known - Protein 2000 (the name of which, while dated now, probably sounded much cooler in the 60's...).  So while your parents were dropping LSD, they toiled away creating the fried vegetable protein that we know today.  But it wasn't until well into the 70's that they added the P2000 sauce, which it turns out is a by-product that resulted from one of the Chinese nuclear-physicists trying to synthesize liquid awesome.  

This all remained a big secret throughout the 80's, until one of the leading scientists on the project (and founding proprietor of Veggie Heaven) fled China to Texas with the schematics in hand, but not before changing the originals so that the P2000 secret would be lost to the Chinese forever.  Now the Chinese didn't like losing decades and billions of dollars worth of research, but what were they going to do?  Invade Texas?  However, in recent years, there have been talks of extradition, so the people at Veggie Heaven work hard to make sure that anti-Chinese-government sentiment remains high.

Before that comes to a head, I highly recommend that get your ass to The VH and try this stuff over a bed of rice and broccoli.  You've never eaten non-animal that tastes more like animal in your life.  And If you order it to-go, they fill up a separate Asian to-go thingy with each ingredient (the rice, broccoli, and P2000) - it's enough food for two people.

Epilogue:  The Chinese government still hasn't recovered.  Case in point: they plan on landing a man on the moon in 2020.  Seriously guys?  Well when you get there, can you do us a little favor and clean up some of the trash we left?  BACK IN THE 1960's???