Went on 5/4/09, rated on 5/5/09.

I've heard so much about this place from various people that I HAD to go try it out myself.  So, I decided to take a spontaneous trip to San Francisco to visit a few friends, but also to try out Kara's Cupcakes.  Most of my friends who had ended up going here while in SF have all said it was better than Sprinkles, which I'm sure all of you know is my favorite cupcake place of ALL time.  Anyways, let me try and give as unbiased a review as possible, and you can judge for yourself.

Kara's Cupcakes has a few locations up in the Bay Area, and for all intensive purposes, is a mom and pop shop.   They are a purebred cupcake shop and not a bakery, so I respect that.  They offer a variety of cupcakes but their most popular cupcake is called the Chocolate Velvet, which is a "chocolate cupcake with a velvety bittersweet chocolate buttercream."  Pretty awesome description.  According to the staff helping me pick cupcakes at 10am on a Sunday morning, their second most popular cupcake is the Sweet Vanilla, which is basically a vanilla cupcake with vanilla frosting.  No need for a detailed description there.  So, I ended up buying these two cupcakes to try out for myself, but also got a few extra so one of my friends, Monique, a fellow Sprinkle's fan, could also rate these cupcakes.  Since we both have basically the SAME tastes for cupcakes, let me share with ya'll what we concluded.

Okay, so the Chocolate Velvet is a pretty phenomenal cupcake.  I was sitting in SFO with an Earl Grey tea and waiting for my delayed flight when I decided to devour this amazing cupcake.  This is basically a chocolate cupcake with a very light chocolate cream frosting, which is a perfect balance because it doesn't make it too overwhelming to eat.  The problem I have with most chocolate cupcakes is that it is just way too heavy and that I need a gallon of milk to comfortably finish one.  The cake was VERY moist and of perfect density, and the frosting was actually light enough where the chocolate flavor in the cake was stronger than the frosting!  That is quite unique, and I think this cupcake is definitely top 5 of all time of the places I have been to.  Monique says it is "so light, yet chocolatey," and I completely agree.  This is just a cupcake that provides great balance, which I think is an important aspect that I feel like lots of cupcake places neglect (Crumbs is a place that fails miserably in this department.)  5 stars for this cupcake, and it's not number 1 because I am a bigger red velvet fan, but if I loved pure chocolate cupcakes, this would be top dog.

Anyways, with high expectations now based on my first taste of Kara's with the Chocolate Velvet, I only assumed that the Sweet Vanilla would be just as good.  Oops.  This cupcake was actually, really bad, and I couldn't even finish it.  It is almost the completely opposite of the Chocolate Velvet, in that the frosting is way too sweet and heavy, and the cake was not that moist either.  I won't go into much detail, but don't get this cupcake.  

I wasn't able to try the Fleur De Sel, which is a chocolate cupcake filled with caramel, but got Monique one, and she said that it was pretty good- the caramel inside was a nice surprise, but it was a bit salty and still not as good as the Chocolate Velvet.  The next time I am in SF, I will have to try this cupcake, especially since my friend Debbie, a Sprinkle's hater, says it is awesome.  

So, what's my final verdict?  The Chocolate Velvet is a great cupcake.  Everyone should try it because it really is just well made with quality ingredients and provides a perfect balance of chocolatey goodness.  I am disappointed it doesn't offer a red velvet flavor, which I think is a gold standard for a good cupcake, but that is obviously a bit of personal preference.  It seems that this place definitely has potential to be just as good as Sprinkles, but without a more diverse selection of flavors that are ALL good, it still doesn't beat the king.  I still think that Sprinkles, Violet's Cakes, and SusieCakes in Los Angeles still have an upper-hand over Kara's, and still highly recommend these places.  However, my trip to Kara's does inspire me to try something new in the kitchen- I'm going to try and make a red velvet cupcake with a much lighter and fluffier cream cheese frosting.