So, I am in a good mood today, hard not to be when you're enjoying yet another day in Paradise.  Ahhh, sunny SoCal! :)
I was taken to lunch at RFD today by my dear friend. I have been a vegetarian for 30 years, and he thought I would like this organic vegan restaurant.  He was right. Normally, I am not a fan of vegan food. I have had more than my fair share of bad "mock meatloaf." Imagine my surprise then when my meal turned out to be awesome--and that's not all.
First I ordered a cup of Jasmine tea from our WONDERFUL server, Steva (Celtic for Steven). What a sweeheart he was. I am married to a Chinese man, so I am very picky about my green tea being good quality. It was very tasty, decent grade Jasmine. Steva made sure my water refills were hot, in a new cup, something I am keen on. Sounds picky I know, but it was a detail he picked up on, without my having to ask for. I like conscientious servers. 
From there, I decided on the BLT Wrap (which was hysterical, because normally I would not be caught dead eating a "wrap").  My friend ordered the Total Rueben. The food came quickly, to my delight, as I was starving. My plate was piled high with a wrap that consisted of a thin (yum) spinach tortilla enveloping proportionate amounts of dark lettuce (read: not a mountain of crappy iceburg), chopped tomatoes, tremendous, crispy seitan bacon and a lovely chipotle mayo.  It also came with a vegan Caesar that was delish. My friend wasn't as thrilled with his lunch, and I can see why (hence, the four stars). His Rueben was anything but "total." It was a wee thing, very thin, with stringy looking sauerkraut, tempeh, some 1000 Island dressing (can't believe they still make that stuff) and a meager salad. It definitely could have been more bountiful, which we pointed out to Steva. Anyhoo, I ate my entire plate of food, except for the salad which I gave to my hungry friend. 
We then decided to order the Gluten Free Double Layer Chocolate Cake w/Raspberry Filling to split. Glad I didn't order a whole piece. Just so-so. I'm a baker, and I found it lackluster. Plus, I work in a European bakery, so I'm used to top-notch pastries, so my barometer isn't really unbiased, in fairness to RFD. The only other thing we commented on was the God-awful Muzac playing in the background.  Eddie Money???  Seriously? How about some jazz? Something unobtrusive. Or light classical? Or contemporary music?  Even hip hop would be fine. But EDDIE MONEY?? 
In summary: the space is lovely, the food is good, the service we got was excellent, the prices were high but my food was plentiful and after all, this is SoCal and it is organic vegan food, so there ya go.  It ain't Taco Bell.  I definitely recommend this place, and I would definitely go back.  Thank you RFD for a nice experience and a nice afternoon!  :)