TINTURA - AMAZING SALON, AMAZING TALENT, AND THE JESUS OF HAIR SAVING.

In life, we are forced to make many difficult decisions - one of the hardest, is of course, choosing the right hair salon. If we are lucky enough, however, sometimes fate will bring us to the best choice.

My experience at Tintura was incredible, considering they had done their best to save my hair. Here's the background story:.

     Earlier in the afternoon I had had a dreadful experience at another salon (Salon Bloom). My hair was completely destroyed - considering the hairdresser had literally chopped off the top of my hair into a bob, and kept the bottom of my hair (which was to my mid-back) untouched. The hair cut cost me $85, and it literally looked my hair went into a war zone with the top half and the bottom half on opposite sides of the battle field. I was devastated and drove to the first hair place that could I find. 

     I drove into the Claremont Village and saw that Tintura's door was open. I walked in, red and puffy from a cry fest which had ensued for hours. Doris, the owner, greeted me. I told her that I had just come from a haircut and was extremely upset. She sat me down to look at the cut. She realized that my hair was a disaster and needed a good fix. Unfortunately, she told me, that the salon was closing within the next few minutes and that I could set up an appointment for the week, considering that they were booked. I told her I understood and was dismayed by yet another unfortunate event. Instead of sending me off, Doris kept me and asked her master stylist, Danielle (if I am not mistaken), if she would stay later. From the kindness of both of their hearts, they agreed to keep the doors open for just a little bit longer to fix the disaster ensuing on my head. Doris and Danielle were in the midst of clients, when they looked to see how they could fix my hair. They examined the angles, the different possibilities, and all through which, they were incredibly sincere and genuine. I waited for a few minutes, until Danielle was done with her current client.

     Danielle was supposed to leave right after, but opted to stay to fix my hair. She talked through my choices and recommended the ones which would be most favorable to what I needed. In order to save it completely, I needed a good chop, one which I was not willing to make, considering my hair had already gone through a brutal chop I had not asked for. She figured a way to calm the dreadful layer and adjust the length to better fix the cut. She warned that to completely fix my hair would take time because I did not want to snip off the hair I had been trying to desperately grow. She spent a good 45 minutes adjusting, texturing, blending, and doing everything she could to make my hair look like actual hair, versus the waves of disgust the other salon had shaped it to be. She literally saved my hair.

     The entire time I was getting my hair cut, both Danielle and Doris were incredibly sweet and comforting. They were not pushy and kept laughing at my constant, apologetic behavior. I was beyond grateful. When it came time to pay, Doris gave me a 20% discount, considering the haste of my situation and all of the problems I had gone through. I finally left with a smile on my face. Even though my hair has not fully recovered, it is in the best shape it could be (under the circumstances), and was cut by a professional stylist who actually cared enough to make a girl feel good about herself.

From the depth of my heart, thank you.