This place is super! And literally right next door to my apartment. It also has the added benefit of being efficient at providing drinks when I'm trying to rush to school in the morning, and the best part? BREAKFAST TACOOOOOOSSSS.

So the coffee here: consistently good, and I've never had a cup that wasn't fresh-tasting or adequately hot. I also really like their selection of tea. I don't know what brand it is, but they have really interesting ones like ginger-peach-blah blah blah and I think I saw a "flowering" tea on the menu that I have yet to try, since I'm usually pressed for time. I don't usually drink lattes or other milky stuff but I once had a mocha that was pretty good. 

And the breakfast tacos are yummmmmy. You can order 2 3-ingredient tacos and a coffee or tea for $5, and they custom make your tacos! No old eggs sittin' around getting gross. Plus they really don't take that long - maybe 10 minutes at the height of their morning rush, but usually more like 5 minutes. I like their ingredient options - they have things like organic spinach, avocado, and really good whole-wheat tortillas, in addition to standards, so you can mix it up. Recommended: avocado, potato and cheese, or spinach, egg and cheese. Their salsa is also pretty good but comes in those annoying and wasteful tiny containers.  While I know that having a big bowl of salsa out might violate some health codes or something, I really hate throwing away plastic needlessly. 

In addition to breakfast tacos, they have bigger plates of breakfast food and other cafe standards like pastries and cookies and little cakes and stuff. I've tried their croissants (made by a local bakery, I forget which one), which are ok...not that memorable. 

The seating arrangements are nice. They have a variety of tables and couches, so you can have your pick whether you're working on a laptop or just settling in for a sit-down. It usually isn't TOO crowded, and I've never had a problem finding a seat. I would also recommend this place over George's (right across the street in the law school), because it feels less stressed out and the quality is definitely better. The one thing I wish they had was a better bike rack (or any bike rack in the front!)...but other than that, this place pleases me!