Do I have what it takes to give a yelp worth review of MIT?  Well 4 years of my life says yes.  MIT is an experience like none other...well that may not be right.  If you want the MIT experience at home, here is how you do it:
1)grab lower lip, rusty nail, and peanut butter
2)pull lower lip over top of head and pull until it is approximately ear level.
3)hammer rusty nail into back of head, securing lip in position.
MIT, home to some of the greatest minds in the world, has be likened to drinking from a fire hose.  I mean the most basic math course offered is calculus, that says something, right?  This is not your state school college experience: pulling all nighters to actually complete homework, having to stay awake in class and still not fully understanding the professor, and no naked mile.  On the topic of nudity, yes you can find it, and no, you don't want to find it.  There is a saying about MIT when it comes to the opposite sex (works both ways...what does that say about me?), 'The odds are good, but the goods are odd.'  Split into two campuses, east and west campus, one can go from a world of fake Louis Vuitton bags and over eager skinny frat guys, to one of sheer insanity (retinal scanners on doors, hot tubs that drive around, huge murals dedicated to pokemen (the plural of pokeman?)).  Not for the feint of heart this institution takes you as you are, beats you to a pulp, pours you into a genius mold, then pops you in the fridge over night to chill.

Majors range from Architecture to Computer Engineering, having something for all tech-heads.  Most classes run 1 hour (three times a week) to 1.5 hours (twice a week) for lecture and additional time for recitation.  Looking to supplement your own education, whether you are at MIT or not, most people look towards MIT's OpenCourseware, a free internet database of the classes offered there.  In addition to always learning new things, it is common for students to work in a lab outside of class.  I built satellites in my free time with MIT's Laboratory for Nuclear Science, giving me the priceless skills of: using MATLAB, using machining equipment, breaking machining equipment, siphoning antifreeze with my mouth, visiting the hospital on a regular occasion, soldering.

The campus has recently been kicked up a notch with new buildings dedication to student housing, Neuroscience, and Computer science.  All the buildings are given numbers (as well as some names), which is what the students refer to them as (same goes for classes).  Inside note, all even buildings are on one side and odds on the other side.  Some of the buildings referred to by name are the Stata Center, all the dormitories, Richard Cockburn Maclurn, Ellen Swallow Richards, yes, those last two actually exist, I was surprised too.

Bottom Line: This very unpretentious school packs one hell of a punch.  Bring the antidepressants and enroll in Calc I (18.01).  If you choose Physics like I did, be prepared for a long haul, then grad school if you actually want to use your degree.