I'm not reviewing the kids section, but the U Village store, is a little smaller than the downtown Seattle store, but the service was much better.  I was greeted by a nice woman who said hello when I went into the store.  A person ringing up a customer who was taking a bit long apologized on her own to me when I was waiting in line for it taking a bit to long while they were trying to get a customer a credit card.  A guy working there was good at trying to find something which was close to what I was looking for but not exactly it, and also was able to suggest website etc.. There was no pressure from the sales staff, a woman also tried to show me what jeans they had in my size, but they weren't blue ones.  I think the only thing I was disappointed at was they were having jeans on sale but had been sold out of my size in the blue.  While gap clothing is nothing extreamly special the prices are reasonable and one thing I loved is they actually have an XS size, since I happened to now get smaller than small size.  I hardly see this size anywhere but they had it in there sweet pants even though I assume a lot of people aren't this size, so that was way kool!!! since the small ones didn't fit anymore.  

The new store layout is really neat, and they have a wide variety of items, and some dressy clothes.  I found other things I wanted there but didn't have enough money to get this visit unfortunately.  I felt that I would just like to say that the service here was so much better than when I've been in the downtown store, and the employee's actually seemed like they knew what they were doing!!  There were even no issues at the register and the staff didn't pressure me to much about the gap card.  I enjoyed my visit shopping at the u village gap even though they didn't have the size jeans I am in blue on sale that day.  

Even though it is a little further, I can't just walk to it like the one downtown, it almost is more worth going there than downtown, but they do carry some different things sometimes so I guess it will all just depend, I enjoyed u village though a lot more.  I think though just to note that one thing I do like about the gap is its not over priced like abercrombie and fitch or other style stores so that makes it nice to be able to get clothing on a tight budget.  I think one thing that I'd like to see improved is more clothing that appeal to younger people or teens.