My celebrated my father's birthday here after having contact with one of their wonderful event staff members, Rachel, and I am so glad that I chose this restaurant; from the first point of contact, to getting in my car at the end was extremely pleasant, warm and friendly. This was my first time visiting the restaurant, and the staff really went out of their way to make this a special evening for my father, we had a great table next to the fire, and since I had told them my dad's name, every menu had Happy Birthday to him at the top. It made him smile, it was fantastic! 

The service was impeccable, our server, Michelle helped us make great wine selections based on our taste, and now we have some new favorites. She was also instrumental in making great suggestions from the incredible menu. I had the Napa Chopped Salad which tasted extremely fresh and included my favorite vegetable - beets, the salad had a sweetness to it from the harvest nuts, and was much more unique than other run of the mill house salads or Caesar at other restaurants. For an entree I had the Wild Diver Scallops, which were incredibly tender and soft with a flavor that sneaks up on you from the spring carrot puree. I also enjoyed the broccolini, I sampled some of the Amish Pork Chop and I don't think I have had a more tender piece of pork and I did live in Iowa at one point. 

Michelle was so great in helping my mother who recently became gluten free, navigate the menu to make selections based off of her diet restrictions, she even double checked with the chef to assure my mom! 

So I have to say that this has been one of the most positive dining experiences I have had in Los Angeles or anywhere. There have been times in the past where I have called restaurants for special occasions, and they don't remember when you show up or don't take a special note of it. The great thing about Napa Valley Grill from my experience is that they take pride in the way they interact with their guests, remembering small details, taking special note of preferences and making it an experience. I highly recommend dining here for dinner, special occasions, and any other event you would like to have special attention. Everyone is treated like a celeb!