Celebrated Mother's Day with the family here. Heard numerous accolades for its seafood in San Diego Magazine, not to mention my mom had a craving for oysters. I made a reservation on Opentable on Mother's Day and it wasn't as busy as I thought it to be.

Atmosphere was classy and ritzy, which was to be expected of any of the restaurants around that area. Piano plays typical lounge music, which added to the classy ambiance. Service was excellent and told us right away the market prices of the crab and lobster. I liked that they actually have display platters of their stone crab claws, their dungness crab and their king crab legs. Right away I knew what I was going to pick for my order: the dungness crab (felt too guilty to order any lobster tails, otherwise I would have preferred lobster over crab any day!) 

My wine was a Pinot Noir - Aquinas, Napa 2009. Fruity nose and taste of cherries, light body - perfect for sipping throughout the whole night while eating crab. My dad had a Stone IPA. The waiter was very knowledgeable about how the SD microbrewery scene really loves their IPA's, which I confirmed. 

Appetizers consisted of fresh oysters from British Columbia and salt and pepper calamari. Both appetizers were decent. The calamari was not too greasy, and I liked both dipping sauces. 

The best part about the meal was the dishes my mom and I got. (My dad and brother got fish, but I was way too busy savoring my food to try any of theirs)

South African Lobster Tail: My mom's order, twin lobster tails. I've done my research and knew this was the premier lobster tail, and a tasting confirmed it. It was small, but the texture was oh-so-soft, slightly sweet and fresh. Definitely one of the best lobster tails I've had

Live Steamed Pacific Northwest Dungeness Crab: The best crab I've ever tasted. The crab was very meaty in both body and leg. Loved that they sliced some of the legs so that you can easily peel off the inner legs, but you had to crack the two big crab legs. I thought crab legs were good, but I actually loved the body - one of the softest crab meats I've ever tasted. Enjoyed every bite, even if the meat was hard to get to. Had to eat it in one sitting as I didn't think this would be good the next day. The only con was that I made a mess in my jacket, but I've heard the best crab is the messiest. 

I saw the waiters serving desserts, and when we asked for their dessert menu, we got to see all of their offerings. My dad and brother picked the carrot cake. All of us agreed it was super delicious. It was not too rich, and I liked that they used walnuts. One of the best carrot cakes I've had, and usually I'm not a fan of carrot cake.

The only con is that they only do validation on the valet parking and not in the hotel self-parking. I remember the restaurants used to do this, specifically the Melting Pot. 

Definitely recommend this for the special occasions. Seafood is way too good to pass up. Now I just have to try Fleming's and Cafe Japengo.