Short story: I had an excellent experience and meal at Hungry Mother.

Long story:  Such a cute place!  Never actually got into the back dining room as they were booked and it was a spur of the moment decision to finally make it over to this place, but we managed to walk in just as a table in the bar area freed up so there we stayed.  It got a little chilly when people would come in, but it was very cozy and nice to be near the bar which is small and well-done.

The service was excellent - I pretty much fell in love with our waitress, Heather, and wanted to put her in my pocket and take her home with me.  She was warm, welcoming, friendly, and just the right level of chatty through the entire evening.  

We followed her suggestion and tried something from every section of the menu, including a delicious bottle of wine.  The croque monsieur biscuits were served in a mini cast iron pan (emphasis on the mini), and was almost like an oversized amuse bouche for two.  We tried the charcuterie board which was probably the only let down of the meal.  Don't get me wrong - it was good - but it came with toast instead of bread which I don't like, and the meat(s) were hard to cut/spread.  This is, however, all in comparison to the charcuterie board at ES, which may be the best in boston, so perhaps my standards are too high?

Moving on, the entree decision was exceedingly hard to make, but I settled on the roast chicken after finding that the winter vegetable was glazed carrots (a fav!).  My boyfriend got the pork shoulder, and I can't express to you how absolutely fantastic every single element of both of our dishes were.  My chicken was cooked to perfection, and his pork made me swoon (that's what she said?).  You know how sometimes you like most of your dish, but there's maybe one side or one little component that you'd rather have switched for something, or brings down the quality of the whole a tiny bit?  You'll find none of that here.  We also got the cornbread which is crazy different than anywhere else, and crazy good.  Go for it.

Couldn't leave without checking out the southern dessert options, which was also a very hard decision.  BF got the pudding (insert Bill Cosby voiceover), and I went for the sticky toffee pudding.  Oh man, just thinking about it now I'm salivating.  It was perfect.

Toward the end of the meal we chatted more with Heather and with a gentleman who I think is the manager and perhaps co-owner, as they told us a bit about the wall of names and we talked digestifs (and tried some).  It was definitely a memorable meal, a gourmet southern experience if you will, and it's earned its place in my brainspace as a restaurant to which i'll return, and will wholeheartedly recommend to others.

The end.