Ashley's is my favorite bar on campus for its wide selection of craft beers. In fact, it was ranked #17 for "Best Beer Restaurants 2010" by RateBeer. If it's your first time there, or you're just not familiar with their selection, ask any server for explanations or recommendations. They're there to help. The menu also serves as a decent guide because it grades each beer according to a Flavor Rating, from a "no flavor" 1 to a "full-bodied" 9. So if you're used to your favorite Heineken and not sure about trying a robust imperial stout, refer to the numbers for guidance and simply work your way up!

PROS: You can find craft beers from across the world, especially great American microbreweries, and they'll carry many regional/local beers that are hard to find outside Michigan. They also offer rotating taps, seasonals, and special selections available for a limited time. (See the chalkboard inside for current off-menu specials. You'll know what I'm talking about when you walk in.) Also, though there are some rare and expensive choices like the Dogfish Head World Wide Stout or Kuhnhenn Raspberry Eisbock, I find most prices to be very reasonable, especially considering your many options. The service also is pretty good. I can't speak much about their food since I rarely, if ever, eat anything there, but the pesto fries I once tried definitely hit the spot.

CONS: It's relatively small, so you might have to wait even on a weeknight. It's also a campus bar/pub, so don't expect any elegant ambiance even if the beer selection itself is pretty "high-class." I personally don't care much for proper glassware/beer pairing, but if you're the type that absolutely needs the snifter glass for a stout or barley wine, for example, you may be disappointed. (Some beers do come in the "right" glassware, but more often than not, they will just be the generic pint glass.) Lastly, you'll occasionally run into times when your top 2-3 choices are sold out, but I guess that's no different from other places.

In conclusion, this is a great bar known most for their beer selection, though they also have liquor/wine/cocktails if you're interested. But honestly, if you're not that into the beer selection, there is no real reason to be there because there are other bars after all. If you want to break out of the typical mass-produced beers (you know, the ones with TV commercials), Ashley's is the place to learn and explore the world of craft beer.