Well, this a'int the Smithsonian. It dates back to the years following Custer's Last Stand, and was updated once in 1963. Frankly, I'm convinced that many items haven't been touched ever since. Thus, things can get surprisingly meta once you realize the museum is kind of a museum of an old museum. 

Having said all that, I love this place and probably always will. When I was a kid, my parents took me here all the time, and it ignited a curiosity that's fueled my soul for decades. I often think of the eerie room with dioramas showing single-celled organisms progressively evolving into other animals, at which point I realize that it taught me everything about evolution I would need to know at age 5.   Likewise, the main room's dinosaur was the first mega-lizard that captivated me, and the half-buried dinosaur towards the back wall--serving as a large visual example of paleontologist's work--is exciting for engaged children. On floor 2 there is educational taxidermy of every variety, and an awesome model of lake germs. 

The giddiness is cranked up further on the 3rd floor. Here lies the planetarium, a huge canoe that is somehow incredible in the context of a darkened room, and a 50 pound rock that once served as currency. Worry not, as the museum provides explanation for the close proximity of these seemingly unrelated gems. I'm just working from sense memory here. 

I suppose as a young child my political correctness wasn't fully developed, so I saw no problem with the incredible Native-American dioramas on the 3rd floor. And that's good, because those dioramas taught me so much about tepees, tribes, Native-American spirituality, and societies unlike my own. Even if there were some factual inaccuracies, I learned about the existence of these things. They were previously foreign to me as a young child. 

But sadly, after mulling over the issue for a decade, the director decided to have them all removed. Some who found the dioramas suddenly horrific made suggestions of how to alter them, as there were worries about stereotypes and the unspoken implications that Native-Americans are extinct. And I think that makes sense, to a degree. They should be altered to make those points clear. 

But rather than investing time or resource in putting up placards or fixing the damn things, the lethargic director simply had them removed. What an unfortunate decision. When I saw those dioramas, it encouraged me to do some reading or--brace yourself--ask my parents or teacher about the details! Now some children won't even know that said details exist to be questioned.

 Part of what museums should do is spark interest, at which point facts can be sought and the diorama's shortcomings explained. I was five when I first saw them, and I don't think it took long to realize there's a difference between "Native-American" and "dinosaur." Give people some credit, NHM. 

Otherwise, I love this place and it's actually far better than newer alternatives in the area. I'll be taking my kids here. Hell, maybe even I can go this weekend.