I booked a 9:30am appt for my sister and me.  Got there on time and were informed one of the masseuses was running late.  At 9:40 they asked if okay for my sister to begin hers w/Lupe or if we wanted to wait.  I suggested my sis go ahead w/hers and I waited till 10 when she walked in all smiles, looked at me and said hi and kept walking to the reception area.  The guy at the front began to scold in their language and she responded so soon they were arguing.  I'm already upset at the fact she's late; my sis will now have to wait about 30 mins for me after she's done and now they're arguing out in the open?  Anyway, she (I don't remember her name; that's how upset I am) takes me to a room which is cold and tells me she was not told she had a 9:30.  I tell her I was told she called to say she was running late and she says they're lying.  Then she starts on my 'massage' which turned out to be a horrible experience.  I could have laid across a washing machine at a local laundromat and had a better experience.  When the session was over she was waiting for me at the front, all smiles, hands me a Dixie cup of lukewarm water, and is waiting for a tip.  BTW, sign over the desk suggests a $20 tip for a 1 hr session and even higher for 1 1/2 hrs...their regular price is $45 so this is a 45% tip suggestion....are they nuts?  I've tipped $15 for a 1 hour session but this was for a good experience.  I left her $5 in the room before I walked out which I later regretted as she truly deserved $0.  The woman at the desk then hands me an envelope which is for a discount for the next session...as if I would EVER return to that dump.

If you want a good massage, visit Urban Retreat Massage Centers in Arcadia, North Hollywood, Montclair, Covina or Hacienda Hts...good rates and massages.  Just don't go for a facial in Hacienda Hts...the tech doesn't know what she's doing and you'll regret it.  I know I did.  And the manager, even though I contacted her (told me she was helping a client and would call back) never called me back.