I used to go to the Wild Colonial every other Sunday for trivia, and I really wanted to like the place, but I've finally just accepted that I don't.  I'm going to write this review in a hit or miss style.

Miss--The trivia is fun, but they give you no time to actually discuss an answer.  The questions are incredibly long--more of a short essay than a trivia question, and they read them twice.  While they're reading them, they get upset if you talk (which makes sense), but then they expect your answers right away after the second reading.  There's no time for any kind of discussion so unless you already know the answer, you're pretty much done.

Hit--Good beer selection and perfectly poured Guiness every time.  Other reviewers have complained about the lack of cheap beer, and given the dive-y atmosphere, that's fair point.  Personally, I drink Gansett at home and go to the Wild Colonial for a draft Allagash.

Miss-- Slow and often rude service. I really hate to single out one person, but the brunette female bartender has been dismissive and downright rude to me and people I've been with every single time I've been there.  She acts like she's doing you a favor by taking your order, and even though I've never ordered anything remotely complicated, filling that order is punctuated by heavy sighs and a layer of attitude that is just unnecessary.  A friend of mine made the mistake of ordering a martini once, and the bartender proceeded to fill every other person's order before even starting it.  It took 30 minutes.  If you hate your job so much, quit.  Don't take it out on me.

Hit-- I like the vibe and the layout, it reminds me of some circuitous English pubs I've been in, and there's no trouble finding parking.  What I don't understand, is why they don't seem to use the first bar area right when you walk in.  There are some tables there, but not many, and that whole bar is always unlit and piled with glassware.  It's like you walk through a garage sale to get to the actual bar in the middle space.  Get some more tables and turn the lights on, guys.

Hit-- Nachos.  They're good.

Miss-- Service, yet again.  This is a bar that has a lot of regulars, and that's cool, but sometimes, as a non-regular (even though I went there every other week for a year and a half), you feel like the staff are barely tolerating you.  I know it's rough working in a bar, and I know that customer service can be draining (cause I do it every day), but I am a dream to serve.  I'm not picky, I say thank you so often it's ridiculous, I'm polite and I make sure I'm ready to order right away.  Yet I often leave this place feeling like they wish I'd never come.

I've spent a lot of time and money at the Wild Colonial, but it certainly doesn't feel like 'my' place by any stretch.  I'm sure, in the future, I'll go there and have a nice time, but it's not somewhere I can get too excited about.