JCT is one of my favorites in Atlanta so I was really excited to try The Optimist. Went last night for a 6:30 reservation. First the positives. 

Service was fast and knowledgeable. The fresh made bread was delicious, hot buttery and a great start. Got a half dozen oysters half east coast, half west coast. They were wonderful! Without a doubt overpriced but they are so fresh and tasty that I really didn't mind. 

Unfortunately we went downhill from there. Followed with:

-Frothy She Crap Soup  - very very buttery, wads of oil floating on the top... yuck. Shrimp toast that accompanied it was DELISH though
-Little Gem Salad - essentially a ceaser, nothing to write home about and started a trend for the rest of the meal of everything being overly salted. I am not at all sensitive to salt so this is a lot for me to notice.

For entrees we had the Scallops and Skate wing, again very very salty but once we gave them a splash of lemon they were very tasty.

The real downer was the sides. We had the roasted beets which were tasty and standard to many other restaurants around town. We also had the gnocchi and potato puree. They were both TERRIBLE. The gnocchi were so soft, literally boiled to death and very little flavor. The potato puree had been whipped to death and literally dripped off a spoon... like soup. Disgusting.

We then followed with literally the worst dessert I've ever had. Grilled pound cake with ice cream and fried peanuts. The pound cake was so dry, it was below grocery store quality. The cake had no warmth but grill marks.. how long had it been sitting around? Ew!

The thing that really made me lose it were the two floor hostesses who I had perfect view of all night. Clearly neither have been trained on how to serve because both of them had their fingers in peoples plates all night. One of them would not stop playing with her hair, eyes, teeth everything and then taking plates from the window. I meant to call today and complain on this matter because it was truly disgusting.

Bottom line - so many kinks to works out, expensive menu, lots of potential. I hope it gets better!