This review was inspired by the sink in my property. It's old. I was promised a brand new bathroom sink and sink countertop, the water faucet is so close to the sinkbowl that I have only 1 inch of hand cleaning space, it's ridiculous!!!!!
The faucet is so incredibly difficult to release and stop water flow that I have to strain my hands every time. When I don't lock them in tight enough, water leaks.  This is the same scenario for the bathtub fixture.  

Also, they decided to paint over previous paint and... everything.... sticks.  
I have torn back a finger nail and hurt myself expecting an easy open to the towel pantry, or cabinet under the sink, and this paint situation carries over into our kitchen. (I have almost completely trained myself to open with caution, use both hands and only the fingertip pads, no nails to be at risk, in fact, I just wear them short now.)

This stove gets its own review. They decided to put in "BRAND NEW," of course. But brand new what, a dollhouse stove??! "The box was probably worth more than the stove." my friend jokes in the background, sigh.  

Such a cheap-o mind frame of how they "Readied" my apartment for Move-in.  

The carpet was promised as "brand new" as well and it's such a toss up of what I dislike more, but the carpet is a close second. I hate the way my barefeet feel against this brandnew icky icky carpet.  I'm Asian, so I like to take off my shoes in my house.  I'm also a hot body, so I like to be barefoot at home.  This will be my home for only a short while longer, but these are the things that I will take into consideration in my new home. 

They also promised me a storage locker and in my situation, that was important to have, but I have had no such luck. oh well, it's not even a big deal anymore, time flies, and too bad they don't invest in quality over quantity.  They'd get a lot less turnover, I'm sure of it.

I will say that I love the neighbors and the neighborhood, and at least they upkeep the pool which is nice. 

and the 2nd star is in hopes of a new bathroom sinktop please!