Despite the weather channel predicting thunderstorms for most of the time I'd be out running, I braved a 4 am wakeup to drive into Providence for the RnR half.

Like I've mentioned in a few other race reviews, I've run tons of distance events between 5k and ultra, big and small, and this is now my second RnR experience.  I'm not flexing my race muscles or anything since I am a turtle that you've probably passed along the way, but I've run enough to know what I like, which usually differs from a faster/more serious or first time distance runner.

The good:

Nice course with plenty to look at.  And it was flat.  

Enthusiastic fans who actually stood outside in the rain, cheering.

Easy to maneuver expo-- that might have been because no one was there when I finally made it down, but whatever.     

Knowing Providence, it was an easy maneuver for parking-- street parking was easy to find at 6:15, much better than waiting in line for the people trying to park in Providence Place.  And, may I mention... free?

The finisher medal is possibly my favorite one from all the events I've done this year.  

The people along the course were GREAT, but that might just have been RI hospitality.  I loved standing in the corral and comparing other races with those around me, running into people I've seen at other RnR events (running them is like a cult, I swear), talking about events in the future, and all of that general runner awesomeness that is the reason I love running distance events.   

The indifferent:

The 7 am start was for some reason pushed back to a 7:35 gun.   This was only (at least initially) annoying because it was pouring, people were standing in the corrals with umbrellas which would drip right down on you, and there really wasn't much of a system letting us know what was going on. 

It seems there was no way for people to get into the proper corral once 6:45 am hit.    Back in corral 14 (where I was placed with a 2:45 pace) we had a mix of 3000 and 15000 bibs.  Between playing red rover with the walkers and feeling like you were being trampled by the faster runners, it wasn't a fun start or first few miles.  The corrals exist for a reason, but they weren't enforced like they have been at previous races.

When the gun finally went off, the wave start only seemed to apply to corrals 1-4.  Those of us in 5-15 were all left to our own devices.  OK, so 5-15 may be a bit of an exaggeration, but this was NOT a wave start for those of us at the back.  They just dropped the ropes and let the mob through.

The bad (or, why I hated this race):

I don't know if it was the late start and need to re-open roads or what, but I was SERIOUSLY miffed when at mile 3, people were being forced to board the lag bus.  Really?!?  Mile 3?!?!  Usually you don't even see the lag bus until mile 7.  I KNOW that I'm not a fast runner, but after being forced to walk 95% of San Diego due to nasty blisters and still finishing around 3:30, I knew that a finish time under 4 hours was more than attainable when I was running.  But no.  I'm not sure if they were basing the 4 hour limit on a 7am start time, but usually it starts after the last runner crosses the start line (which would have also been fair had the wave start been kept).  Not the actual first gun.  Don't penalize the runners because you guys can't get your shit together to start on time.

My unofficial finish time was 3:20.  I got my medal, but don't feel like I earned it.   I'm pissed at the forced lag bus boarding and really think I could have done it faster had the bus not been involved.  I get that it's raining.  I get that the roads need to be opened again.   But why am I being punished for keeping with my 2:45 pace (plus a stop at the porta potty that sucked up about 20 minutes)?

I had such high hopes for this race, but was ridiculously disappointed.  I get that it's the inaugural race so there's kinks to iron out, but this isn't the city of Providence's first trip to the distance event rodeo and RnR as an organization should know what they're doing so the biffs make me feel like it was a wasted entry fee.