Meh, I've experienced better, perfectly stated by Yelp.  That says it all.  

We arrive at the hotel to a difficult to maneuver parking lot with no available parking so we park in front so I can run in to check in.  Check-in is swamped and the person who helped me did not give me as much info as I heard other people getting (for example info on wifi in the hotel).  I did get a confusing spiel about the complexities of a room key depending on what kind of room key slot I had at my room.  I had the olde fashioned kind where you slide the key in an up and down fashion instead of in and out of the slot.  Very complicated, never would have figure it out without the 3 minute lecture about what I might need to do when I get to my room LOL 

We drive around the parking lot 2 more times to end up parking on the street.  Our room is on the other side of the hotel so we have a bit of a walk, though not too bad.  Our room was disappointing.  I had been told I was getting a king size bed when I reserved my room and we got 2 double beds instead.  The room was right by an exit and close to the meeting room area so it was pretty loud too.  

Good things about this hotel experience: 

Excellent location in downtown Ithaca, close to most of the good restaurants and cool shops, easy drive to Route 13 which can get you to more restaurants and shops. 

Very nice bedding, soft sheets, decent blankets, pillows labeled soft and firm that are comfortable. 

The bath items are from bath & body works, lotion, shampoo, conditioner and soap. 

The hotel has a pool that is indoor and heated if you have time to get there. 

Most of the front desk staff is very friendly and helpful (aside from the one male who I found dismissive upon my check out). 

The room has a nice table you can use to eat or do work. 

Bad things about this hotel experience: 

People smoking outside our window and it blows into the room, I complained and the front desk asked them to move but when I mentioned it upon check out, I was told, oh yes, that room is by the bench, next time you will know to ask for a different room.  (Excuse me?!?!?) I told him that I was supposed to get a king size bed and didn't so I wasn't supposed to have that room anyway.  He said, well the other group here for an event (who shall remain nameless) all wanted lots of king size beds, at least you got 2 beds to choose from. (Excuse me?!?!?)   

The conference facilities are okay but not too thrilling.  The microphone kept cutting our through all the presentations.  The layout makes it hard to see the projection screen through other people's heads.  The food was disappointing and lackluster at best.  The glasses were always dirty (gross!!!!).  A lot of the waitstaff at the conference meals seemed lost, confused and even scared at times. 

Our 1sr floor room seemed to need some renovations, especially the bathroom.  There were cracked or missing tiles, some tiles pieced together and glued back on.  The door didn't properly fit in the jamb so the top & bottom of the door angled weirdly out of the bathroom or into the bathroom depending on which time you were in there.  The floor of the bathtub/shower was uneven, one entire side was higher than the other.  I felt lopsided through my showers, so bad I was laughing when I was in there.  The shower curtain had mold on it as did the shower shelf.  As for the toilet, my BF was not pleased.  He said, it was very shallow, maybe two inch depth between the seat and the little bit of water that was in it, oddly egg/heartshaped, 'boys be careful how you lean.'

Parking is terrible.  The lot is cramped, especially when full of large trucks, and was almost always full.  We had read in other reviews that you can use the garage across the street but no one mentioned this to us and it was never implied or stated anywhere.  The garage is not free after 1 hour so we didn't want to risk it.  I should have asked the front desk had I thought of it so that part is my fault, though if they know the lot is always full, they should have a way to communicate this to guests if it is available for free use.  

The wireless internet is free but the signal comes and goes constantly.  One second you can stream a whole TV show, the next you can't get your email to refresh.  

Rooms do not have fridges or microwaves which is unfortunate with so many good restaurants, you often want to bring leftovers back to the room for later.  

Overall - this hotel is a great location but needs some work.  I certainly do not think it is worth the cost it charges without some major room remodeling and better parking.  Staff should be more aware of good customer service and when a customer complains, don't dismiss them as though it is their fault (again I only say this to the one guy who made me angry upon checkout).  And for god's sake, when an event is happening at your hotel, make sure the water glasses at the tables have last night's lipstick washed off of them.