This is an ok consignment store. Front is very nice and lots of stuff, even new stuff. I don't think it is 100% consignment but I don't mind they mix it up.
I was going to give 3 stars because of the variety at the store but then I am so angry whenever I think of how they treated me as a consignee.
The "consignment part" where you drop off is hugely customer unfriendly. First of all you drop off with some snooty girls who will take 5-10 minutes before they even acknowledge you. Then when they do they tell you to wait around in the store until they have checked it. That easily takes them another 20 min if not 30 (for 20 pieces of clothes). One girl picks out and say we accepted eg. 13 pieces from you today then another girl (presumeably the manager) comes and say no and literally throws another 2 pieces in your face). Then they give you the forms and receipt.  As for what they accept I doubt what they base their criteria on - not for what can sell that is for sure. They for instance rejected a suit that another customer asked at hand in if he could buy. He then asked me if he could buy it straight from me as they had rejected it. It was a almost new 2 piece taylor made suit (wrong size). I wasn't allowed to sell it to him in the store so they in one go made 2 customers unhappy. One can only wonder what statement that manager was making? 
3 weeks later one gets another email stating they only took about 2/3 of what they already had accepted. Then one has to come back and pick it up. During those 3 weeks one can only wonder what they were doing.
Then I go and pick up the clothes and get it back in a plastic bag. It is completely wrinkled up into little balls. Not neatly folded. I handed it in dry cleaned and nicely folded. Now in order to give it to someone else I either have to dry clean it or wash it again and iron again. Not much about being Green as their name and not much about respect and taking care of the clothes! I find it shameless and rude that they don't take care of the clothes and hand it bag in the same manner as they took it!
I have to say that this is the most inefficient way of dealing with people consigning and it is also quite rude. I am not sure if I will drop off here again, simply because there are other stores available and they are much nicer and at least they give back the clothes in a neat fashion. Not ruining or wrinkling the items!
SHAME on you GREEN STREET!