Sales Review. I have a 2009 Civic that I leased from a dealership in MA, when I used to live there. Hearing about a special lease incentive program Honda was featuring in the spring, I went to a few different dealerships in the capital region (RH, Mohawk, and Keeler) to see if they would give me a good deal on a 2012 Civic and transition me out of my old lease. This was predominantly out of curiosity, and I had not committed to trading in my three year old (30k mile) car that I love. I made this VERY clear to every salesperson I spoke to: I assured them that I was not committed, and was purely shopping around, and would ultimately decide if I would buy my current car out of the lease or lease a new car. 

The other two dealerships were helpful and cooperative and weren't pushy. I test drove the 2012 Civic twice and decided I wasn't crazy about it, for reasons that I will not go into here. At Rensselaer Honda (my last stop), I explained the same thing to a salesperson named Aaron Minnick. Aaron was young, cooperative, wholesome, and a little shy. Overall, he struck me as a decent guy and the fact that he clearly wasn't a pushy sleazebag was reassuring. He seemed kind of low on the totem pole at the dealership, and I instantly got the sense that his older co-workers kind of push him around constantly. I told him I had driven the car already, but he insisted I go for a test drive with him, and when I told him I wasn't crazy about the car, he completely understood. He started showing me other models I may be interested in, and as my interest withered, he backed away. However, his manager is the reason I'm writing this review. Dan (last name escapes my mind) was a pushy, unprofessional, immature, and downright sleazy jerk who got way too involved in Aaron's sale, tried to micromanage the situation, insulted me endlessly, and ultimately drove me away from the dealership and eventually the sale overall. He called me nonstop, heckled me for not making a decision on my first day at the dealership, gave me nonstop flack for not "liking" the 2012 model, dissing my current car (which is in PRISTINE condition), and I utterly despised every moment I had to spend in his presence. He pulled the typical skeezball car dealer nonsense of "this offer is off the table by 5pm today, other people are interested, I have other clients, etc" with me, until I one day told him flat out that I don't like the 2012 Civic. His response to that: "yeah, no one else does either, I was just hoping you'd take one off my shoulders." Seriously dude? (Side note: I just went on the Rensselaer Honda dealership site to see if I could find his last name and it seems like he's not there anymore. If this is true, I'm not surprised, and relieved for the future patrons of this dealership.)

Sales summary: stay away from management. If you get a good dealer who you have excellent rapport with, good for you, you're lucky. This is of course true of any dealership, but the salespeople at RH seem to be utterly hit-or-miss. To clarify: I have nothing negative to say about Aaron Minnick, who is still employed there. When I eventually called him to inform him I would be buying my 2009 Civic off the lease, he wished me luck, and asked that I recommend him to friends and family. He wasn't the most knowledgeable or aggressive of car dealers, but this isn't necessarily a drawback and he definitely has his act together with his head screwed on the right way.

Okay, I know this is getting long, but here's the...*drumroll*...

Service review. In the summer of 2011 I got new tires for aforementioned 2009 Civic (at an independent tire shop). As soon as I drove away with my new tires, I noticed an extreme pull to the right, suggesting I needed realignment. Not wanting to pay the tire place to do it (for reasons I won't mention here), I decided to have the alignment done at a Honda dealership by certified Honda professionals. After paying RH $100 for an alignment, I drove onto Route 7, and the pull was exactly the same. I realized this may be due to the shape of the new tires against the roundness of the road, and that it may even out eventually, but wanted to get it checked again to make sure. The service department was EXTREMELY uncooperative in scheduling a checkup on my alignment within the same week. The service manager instantly jumped down my throat when I told him that I felt no difference before and after my realignment. He told me that I should have a piece of paper with alignment specifications showing exactly what they had done (which I was never provided, by the way) and that it proved that they did their job. He refused to give me an appointment to check it out, and ultimately, I had to go to another dealership to get the job done, and pay them an additional $100, after which my alignment was perfect. I had to notify my credit card company to get the $100 from Rensselaer back after that, and never returned to them for service again.