Cantaloop Pasadena:

Very poor value here and a far cry from the original store in Hollywood.  I say this with regret after trying them three times now. 

When they first opened, they had the same great yogurt as the Hollywood 'home' store. The original Cantaloop yogurt was in a class by itself,  BUT the corporate head decided to change the formula and literally threw away his greatest asset, opting for a 'common variety' type of froyo that you can get anywhere. Add to this the fact that the Pasadena franchise has the smallest portions of any yogurt shop I've been to bar none---and I've been to more than I can count. The Hollywood store is far better value.  

I hope the Pasadena owners catch on to this. They are obviously new to the business. They need to do their homework and come up to the level of the Hollywood Cantaloop AND two semi-local competitors to meet acceptable standards: Rosegreen's on Brand in Glendale, and Yolicious in Montrose on Honolulu. Rosegreen gets my vote as the #1 best all-around yogurt : Perfect tartness and texture, and their portions for both yogurt and toppings are off-the-charts generous.  A small at Rosegreen's is equal to at least a medium at Cantaloop Pasadena. 

Yolicious in Montrose also has generous portion sizes, and their yogurt has the most fruit (real pieces inside) of any froyo I've had. Both of these other shops are excellent value. 

For those who never had it, the original Cantaloop froyo style was unique and unlike any other. Because it was low on dairy, it was more like a sorbet froyo. Their original fresh banana flavor was unequalled. But then they got rid of it and replaced it with a HORRIBLE generic ice-cream like banana. WTF??

The biggest problem at Pasadena is portion size. All three times I have been there the employees look as though they've been threatened with death if they give even a teaspoon more yogurt than they should. They appear very nervous and self-conscious about it, which is the biggest turnoff for customers, and a sign of inexperienced and overly profit-conscious owners. 

If you want to experience incredible yogurt and unbelievably generous portions, go to Rosegreen's on Brand in Glendale. Their raspberry gets my #1 vote of all froyo's, and their big portions and friendly customer service keep me coming back. UPDATE: sadly--RIP---Rosegreen's has closed and the best value froyo experience is gone :(

Wake up Cantaloop Pasadena...I WANT to like you...but you need to give MUCH better value and rise to the standards of your competitors. Until you do, I'll go elsewhere.