Poor and indifferent service, mediocre food (except for the lobster mac and cheese and the homemade Itlaian dressing).  

We arrived on Saturday around 6:10 PM.  There were numerous empty tables with staff scurrying hither and yon, but with no apparent organization.  The couple in front of us were seated without issue. Unlike the other couple, when it was our turn we were asked if we had reservations (we did not).  Odd interchange to start our experience especially given all the empty tables! 

We sat for about 15 minutes before a staff person came and asked if anyone had taken our drink order (no one had arrived).  Apparently we were sitting at a "no man's land" table where staff dare not tread! It continued....

The wine (a chinati) was fine.  The bread was typical Italian, but soft.  The butter served was ice cold and hard to spread.

The staff indifference continued when they took our order. I ordered the classic veal parm with a side of meatballs (I had seen them being delivered to someone and planned to bring them home). My wife ordered the house special lobster mac and cheese.  

Salads arrived, basic iceberg, some cukes and two cherry tomatoes. Pretty boring- but the homemade Italian dressing was actually very good- not too spicey nor too vinegar-y!

Meals arrived later- mac and cheese was as expected- hot, rich, and delicious.  No wonder they won the mac and cheese bowl contests!  Sadly, the veal did not arrive with the same "wonderfulness."  Overcooked, and put on the plate with a gaping hole in the middle of the cutlet (as if someone had cut out a section before serving).  One taste and it was determined to be inedible.  It was sent back to the kitchen post-haste- and I desired no replacement. They appropriately took the food off the bill.

No coffee or dessert- we were already sufficiently disappointed. 

All in all, a disappointing experience.  This is the seond below average experience we've had at Italian restaurants in the past two weeks.  Maybe we should try sushi!