My experience at Tanino's tonight was disappointing.  We had a reservation for 6:15, the room was almost empty and yet, service was not attentive, not because the waiter was too busy, but he didn't pay close enough attention to our needs.  We had to ask to order drinks as we were not asked for our drink order after being seated for some time, and when the waiter took the order, he walked away without taking mine, and I had to call after him to come back   Also water was not refilled so I had to ask 3 times for more water at the table during the meal.  The waiter did not come once and check to see if everything was alright, the whole evening.  When orders were taken, each course that was brought to the table, was delivered in at least one case to the wrong person and we had to correct the server who then switched it.   Same is true of two different types of  white wine which was given to the wrong people.  It was as if the waiter just didn't care enough to remember. Also, his attitude was not respectful enough, but rather 'flip'    When I asked if zucchini florets are edible (I thought they might be decorative only) he replied, 'no, I' m giving you poison', as if that was funny.   We were 5 women at a professional dinner, and I didn't appreciate his manner which seemed mocking.   I doubt if he would have acted that way to 5 businessmen having dinner. I asked for lamb chops and said  instead of vegetables I would like roast potatoes. When it arrived it had about 4 small slices of potatoes and a large portion of a green vegetable which I did not want and did not eat.   My colleague was served spicy pasta after being assured the pasta would not be spicy.   We asked for two items to go.  One was packaged in a nice white paper bags with a handle, the other in a plain brown bag.  He said he had used the last of the paper bags with handles.  All these things are small on their own but leave an impression of uncaring service.  I would not take a visitor there.  We don't have many upscale restaurants in Westwood but I would rather go out of the area than risk this kind of service if I were to take a first-time visitor there.   The food is excellent but the careless service is not commensurate with the price and atmosphere.    .