As others have reported: the all you can eat sushi experience is a shit show.

We arrived for our 9:30 reservation and were told it might be 20 minutes before we were seated. So, right there, you get off to a bad start. After about 30 minutes we were suddenly told that we couldn't stand where we were standing and ushered to another area. Another ten minutes passed before we were seated. 

It was, at one point, suggested that we buy drinks to pass the time. One key way to keep hungry, hungry people from being in foul moods when made to wait? Comp them a stinkin' beverage, don't suggest that they happily endure your unpreparedness

Eventually we were seated. And our waiter promptly asked us what we wanted to drink and took our order, but the fact that one of our party was allergic to shrimp threw a new wrench into the works. While, having had limited food service experience, I understand that this sort of 'all you can eat' deal necessarily leads to a frenzied environment, it truly seems like they could have prepared for the possibility that someone with an allergy might want to participate. They hadn't...and originally told my friend that they could not guarantee that any sushi wasn't contaminated, but that she was free to order off the kitchen menu, which was, you know, not what she came and waited 40 minutes to do.

The situation was positively resolved, but it wasn't without a fair amount of tension and stress. The sushi itself was fine considering the strain all the sushi chefs were under (you don't go to an all you can eat sushi experience expecting the most perfectly rolled maki of your life).

I don't want to sound too grumpy, I do understand that this restuarant probably functions much better under normal circumstances...but the fact that we weren't comped a roll or drink after a 40 minute wait and a 10 minute period in which one of our party might not have been able to eat without risking her life is, well, really annoying. 

(All that said: our waiter was great and management did the best they could, I'm sure)

The end.