I'm on the fence about Eclectic Eyewear.

I am unable to get back downtown until after 6 PM on weekdays so I had to opt for a weekend appointment - availability was about 2 weeks out. 
Parking was easy- their parking lot was full however there was ample street parking. 

When I first arrived, there was one other customer who was being seen by the doctor. There were four employees working behind the desk. I had to fill out some new patient paperwork and then hang out for about 25 minutes before my appointment started, despite being at the office at my appointed time (one of the first appointments of the day). 
After filling out my paperwork, the guy who was currently being seen was told to sit down next to me to let his eyes adjust before the doctor checked his eyes once more. It was super awkward - the two of us sat on this bench while the four employees and the doctor stood 3 feet in front of us around the desk and talked about coffee, food, appointment load, happy hour for next week, etc. My appointment is starting late and now I have to look at the backside of the Doctor and listen to them all gab about food and drink... fantastic. That kind of left a bad taste in my mouth. 

Dr. Kevin Gajda was just fine. Very friendly, honest and a relatively quick exam. 

When I came back out to pick out my new frames, the office was more busy - probably 5 or so customers. 
Despite reviews, I felt like I had to beg someone to help me pick out frames. The guy who helped me was nice but very quiet and not very outgoing. In past experiences at other offices I've had people pulling different frames saying things like "oh I know just the pair" or "these would look great on you." I just wouldn't call him enthusiastic.

When I picked up my new glasses two weeks later I was able to get in/out quickly. My only problem was that when I paid on the first visit with my FSA visa they overcharged me. I found out on my receipt (I had to ask for it. How would I have known otherwise?) that I had a $14 refund "on account" at the office. I didn't even read it until I got home so I couldn't ask for the refund at that time. I had to submit receipts to verify my expenses to my health insurance and due to the discrepancy I had to make 3 different phone calls to resolve the issue and avoid having to pay for the glasses out of pocket. 

My prognosis: Doctor was great, iffy staff and an accounting mistake that caused me to spend too much time on the phone.