It's actually taken some time and distance to even talk about my experience at The Ice House Comedy Traffic School.  

Much like The Stockade or The Rack, The Ice House Comedy Traffic School was certainly a deterrent to never get another moving violation as long as I live.  So, in that aspect it succeeded.  

But, in every other aspect it not only failed, it violated all who entered. 

There was no school. 
There was no comedy.
There was no talk of "traffic."

I took a Saturday class, so I got Amy as an instructor. Amy let us know she's been doing this for 16 years. For the first hour or so, you think Amy is breaking the ice with her mundane, droning banter.  Surely after the 11:30 break, we'll get down to business.  It's actually adorable, looking back, that I even thought this.  Naive.  Silly.  Oh, how jaded I am now!  The vehicle code book stood sentry...waiting to be cracked open.  

Alas. 

The book never got cracked open.  

What we have here is a failed comic with 8 hours and a trapped audience.  Imagine yourself at, let's say, a wedding.  And you're sitting next to Crazy Aunt Helen.  She's complaining about everything, mildly racist, offers conspiracy theories as fact and has an opinion on everything - most statements starting with, "Well, in Europe..."  And you've got some idea as to what you're in store at The Ice House Comedy Traffic School.  

Amy was at best laughably tragic, at worst a racist, conspiracy theorizing anarchist who felt none of us really deserved our tickets.  

She held the "test" until right around 4:30, when she finally decided to read the questions aloud as we all muttered the answers.  She then went around the room and told us to be honest about how many we missed, filling in perfect scores as the time finally clicked down.  

This was a defining experience in my life.  Before Ice House Comedy Traffic School and after.  If something seems insurmountable in front of me I now say, "I survived The Ice House Comedy Traffic School I can certainly climb Mount Everest..."