Like many others, I had a Groupon for a spa mani/pedi. Reading reviews ahead of time made me skeptical, although, I figured I would give them the benefit of the doubt and hope for the best. Here's a rundown of why my experience was bad at Carriage House Salon:

After being seated for my manicure, I mentioned to my manicurist that I made an appointment for a spa mani/pedi. She asked if I had a Groupon, and told me that Groupon misprinted the information and that it was only good for a regular mani/pedi. After a little bit of dispute over the issue, she asked if I would like to speak with the owner. I said yes, although, he had conveniently left during our conversation. She continued to argue that Groupon was at fault and there was nothing she could do. Knowing that she was just an employee and had no say on the situation, I accepted that I would only be leaving with a regular mani/pedi instead of the spa treatment. I halfway expected this to be the case before I even got to the salon, but it was frustrating nonetheless. 

Even if this had not been an issue I would not return. Even though my manicurist, Kate, did a great job and was very friendly and professional about the whole situation, the salon itself is slacking. There was only one pedicure chair and it was very disappointing. One of my favorite parts about getting a pedicure is getting a massage from the chair. This one only vibrated. That's a small thing that I would usually overlook, but not in this instance. 

I feel bad for the employees at this salon (who all seemed nice and like they were doing a good job),  as this debacle reflects poorly on them. The owner on the other hand was rude to me before the whole Groupon issue even came up. I was not impressed. 

I do not think that Groupon is at fault here. Sometimes Groupon is great for businesses. It gets people in the door when they otherwise would not come. I think that the owner got a little in over his head with this one, ended up losing money, and decided to back out on the deal. I will continue to use Groupon. I will not continue to use this salon.