A preceding reviewer mentioned Abe's' "unique drink list", another "the fancy drinks named after authors". I am going to explore this topic a bit, referencing the aforementioned menu itself. With all due respect to the previous Abe's patrons who've reviewed it on this site, they know nothing of cocktails, or liquor, or beer, or bars, for that matter. Abe's isn't a good bar; it isn't an okay bar. It's a soulless, thoughtless sorry excuse for a bar, a bar that could just as easily (and probably be more successful) in Penn Station as commuters rush by, slug down a beer, and board their train home. A place for someone to sit and drink something generic under bright lights before they go on their way. 
Abe's cocktail menu the one that ostensibly involves writers, is, without question, the sorriest excuse for a cocktail menu I've ever seen and the best example of how thoughtlessly and passionlessly this place has been assembled. 
The list presents to you, dear customer, very basic drinks. Like a martini or a bellini. Rather than owning up to the fact that these are very basic drinks (that no research has gone into this "cocktail menu" whatsoever), it disguises this fact by pairing each with a random writer. Therefore you get such baffling titles as the "Ayn Rand Spiced Appletini".
The Ayn Rand Spiced Appletini. 
Think about it. 
But there is more: several of these "cocktails" aren't cocktails at all, they're shots. So you have the Truman Capote Crazy Redhead, which is a large serving of a red headed slut. 
Who in their right mind wants to drink a large serving of a red headed slut? 
Even more importantly: what bar owner in their right mind, what bar owner who knew anything about bars, would ever serve this beverage? 
Finally, for no reason I can tell, except that the owner and his crew probably couldn't think of any other writers, their martini (who puts a martini on a list?) is named after Winston Churchill. Who, yes, while he did write, is probably better known as a politician, wouldn't you say? You honestly couldn't think of a single actual writer to pair with THE MARTINI? 
I hope this place goes out of business, though I hope it does so slowly. Providence deserves so much better than this.
Also, returning to the topic of the other reviews on this site: many, in my opinion, look like they've been written by the establishment itself. Pathetic.