I'm so sad that I had such a bad dining experience here. I should probably give a one star based on how crappy the entire experience turned out, but because the drinks and dinner tasted great I gave it a two star. 

I make 9pm dinner reservations for a party of four, and got a call back confirming. I show up a little before nine, and the nice hostess tells us it will just be a few minutes. Ok, no big deal. Twenty past nine comes and we are still standing waiting for our table. So we decide to grab a drink at the bar. Literally 3 minutes after we sit at the bar, the hostess gets us for our table. So we pay our bar tab and follow her, she takes us to an already occupied table, and tells us to wait for her to return. So now we are standing in the middle of the dining room. Awesome, Its almost 9:30, and I feel like an asshole standing watching people eat. Whats the point of making a reservation if it takes 30 mins to get a table? 

Once we finally get seated, we start looking over the wine and dinner options. Their wine list is pretty large, as is their food menu. They have a ton of options. I decided on the seafood alfredo with scallops and shrimp. I'm a huge pasta guy. I think it's just a part of being Italian. My friends ordered the Angus Beef Carpaccio, Warm Brie with Roasted Garlic, and the Grilled Seafood Trio.

A while goes by and I cant wait for my food. I was starving! I spot a busboy carrying four plates and walking towards our table, as he goes to place my meal on the table, he drops and catches it. All while I watch my shrimp jump out and onto to the floor. That was kinda my final straw. Twenty bucks for a seafood dish, and half of it was on the floor. I made some comment about how this its been a crappy experience. Next thing I know I have the manager and my waitress hovering over me asking me why my experience wasn't good. I really just wanted a good night out with my friends. I told them it was fine and its really nothing to worry about. I just wanted to eat and leave at that point. 

Maybe I'll try this place again, maybe not. Happy New Year!