Philly native & Penn undergrad alum sharing my humble opinion here.  

Campus is highly congested all the time except for summer, which is my favorite time to be at Penn b/c no one is there.  The academics are superior, but the social dynamics leave much to be desired--especially when it comes to racial issues.  Penn is a very clique-ish place; it's just that cliques are larger than they might have been in grade sch and high sch.  There's tons of discourse on a phenomenon Quakers call self-segretation, which is usually applied to non-white ethnic and racial groups.  

Overall, I think most of the social ills at Penn aren't unique to the university.  Each Ivy probably has a profile including the usual suspects, e.g., exclusion patterns, substance abuse, student crime stats, Greek life weirdness, and so on, but I would wager that the variations between universities' profiles are significant.  Some less-than-savory highlights that may be unique to Penn:  the unfriendliness of the high rises, where I lived for all 4 of my years.  The rivalry between Wharton and all of the other schools in part b/c alumni dollars go towards funding their own schools instead of getting pooled & then distributed evenly.  The other part would be a sense of absolutely superiority nurtured by Wharton admin.  [Boo Wharton!]  

Some less-than-savory highlights that may not be unique to Penn:  the fact that while the student body contains a very small percentage of black students, campus security, maintenance, & dining services operate with a 90%+ black staff.  The classism that comes from a largely wealthy student body.  The incredible town/gown division.  In this case, what has West Philly hating the university is that it bulldozed the Black Bottom neighborhood less than 50 years ago to build a science center on Market St.  Since then, it has built a world-class school in West Philly that only rich people can attend b/c only rich people can live in the catchment area--oh yeah, the catchment area recently became a rich folks zone when Penn subsidized mortgages for its faculty and staff to buy houses there and raise the property values by 300%+.  And how does Penn feel about West Philly?  Oh, only that all the streets beyond 40th (and beyond 47th for the less faint of heart) constitute the heart of darkness, and let's not mince words here.  Racism is obviously in play here big time.  If folks realized how much crime took place within the Penn community, maybe they'd be more scared of their hallmates than of walking down Walnut Street after dark.

If you look at academics alone, perhaps you'll find yourself raving about this place, but looking at academics alone is dangerously short-sighted.  It's not just a school.  It's a business, it's a neighborhood, it's a historical entity, it's a place where young adults converge to socialize and shape each other's minds for 4 years.  Penn is not full of sunshine and roses for everyone who attends the institution or interacts with it.