We were attending a meeting on UT campus and agreed to stay here because other attendees were and we could spend a little more time with them.  The room was a disappointment, with the exception of the shower (which really was awesome).  If you stopped in Austin just to take a shower, I would definitely recommend it.  When we entered the room, we had to hunt for the light switches.  No lights left on in the room (which I agree is a good green feature) but we had to put on the flashlights in our cell phones to find the light switch.  No wastebasket in the bathroom, where it would typically be most needed.  The rooms are apparently more designed for meetings than sleeping, as the fold-out double bed featured a very rudimentary mattress as thin and spring-loaded as a sofa-bed mattress.  Pillows are not left on the bed, but are kept stored in the closet.  One dense pillow per guest, so hope you like your pillow firm or don't mind calling downstairs to see if they have something different.  It seemed a great deal of care went into the high-tech features of the room, yet, we had to unplug existing items like the room phone to have a place to plug in our cellphone chargers, since there were no spare outlets.  The famous robes are two layers, with the inside layer being a very high thread count smooth cotton - which would be really comfortable if, for example, one did not put on the robe just after a shower, whereupon the inner layer becomes cloyingly clingy and doesn't breathe.  It was like putting on a rain coat.  The room was interesting to look around, generally comfortable, spacious, and with some thoughtful features.  Books in the cubby seemed to be posed to make the room seem homey - but the choice of the books being titles that were clearly discarded by Goodwill, as no one could possibly be interested in reading them, rather thumbed its nose at the guest.  How bad would it be if a guest really fell in love with a book he found in one of the rooms?  Hotel staff was super friendly and helpful.  The room was acceptable as an accommodation, but $170?  Really - $170?  For a foldout bed?  Really?