I'm beyond shocked at the way this business operates. My dad said he liked them, and he'd had them work on things here before. I dropped off two skirts and a dress. The skirts were supposed to be hemmed, the dress dry cleaned. $35.00 Dropped off on a tuesday, supposed to pick up on the following tuesday. 

Well, tuesday came, and they weren't ready yet. Today i came by and it was all ready, but the first skirt was completely destroyed. This was a gorgeous skirt with two layers, and the first layer was clearly cut along some sort of cardboard round pattern. it did not match the bottom skirt at all; it was in some places two inches higher, and in other places dipped below. The stitching was uneven, cheap, and the fabric was wrinkled and caught up several times. I was horrified. 

I pointed out the discrepency to the clerk, and he said it wasn't messed up; i was just mistaken. I pointed to the problems. Then he said it was just the way it was hanging. so I took it off the hanger and showed him from different angles. Even though I could tell he knew beyond a shadow of a doubt that the skirt was FUCKED, he still tried to convince me it was okay for a good five minutes, after which he realized it was ridiculous, and he called the manager, who had done the work. She said to give me a FIVE DOLLAR DISCOUNT. No. So he called her back and said that they just would not charge me for the work. I said I wanted to talk to her. 

On the phone she yelled at me. She accused me of just wanting to get work for free. She said that the skirt was exactly like I asked, and she took the measurements when I came in, and that's where they are. I pointed out to her that the problem wasn't the inches removed, it was the overall workmanship, which was a complete disaster. And then I pointed out I didn't want anything for free, I wanted to PAY HER for the work she advertised, which she didn't deliver. She then hung up on me.

The sheer lunacy of first arguing with me about whether they made a mistake, then haggling with me about how much I was going to pay them for the mistake, and then yelling at me and then hanging up on me, is completely beyond my understanding. I mean-- eventually they charged me 10.50 for everything, and the employees apologized for the trouble, but that's not the point. The point is what I got 'for free' is a wrecked skirt, yelled at, and the opportunity to shell out cash somewhere else to find someone else to fix it. Alternatively, I could throw it away, and then I'd be out 88.00 and tax.

The bottom line: Linda should not be trusted with anything worth anything. Linda does not know how to sew... I mean, i have friends who sew who could have done this. I just didn't want to bother them. if they mess up anything of yours, they will not take responsibility for it. They will not apologize to you for it, they will argue with you over it, they will accuse you of being at fault throughout the entire ordeal, and they will still charge you something for the pleasure.

I haven't even looked at the other two items yet. I'm afraid to.

Avoid, avoid, avoid.