Gordon Biersch was a last minute choice since it was the only place that sounded halfway decent after a 16 hour shift in the sun, and was still open at that time of the night. My coworkers had raved about the one in Miami that they had visited the previous week, and convinced me to try this one out. 

I really should have insisted on a different place harder.

The beer selection is unimpressive, especially for a brewery. Even then all three beers I tasted were pretty much like any other mass produced, bottled beer from one of the major breweries. I'll admit that being from the land of Microbreweries where every second person in the establishment can identify every single one of the 30+ local beers on tap just by the shape of the handle in a dark crowded room from ten paces away, and every third person has a home brewery setup, I may be just a might bit prejudiced towards the selection though. 

A pet peeve of mine is the continued misuse of the word "kobe" to describe certain beef based products in the US. It is illegal to sell Kobe Beef outside of Japan, and thus incorrect to describe beef as kobe when it should in fact be wagyu. The second portion of the pet peeve is "kobe sliders for $10.95." If that really was kobe, or even wagyu, beef, there is no way the sliders would be that cheap.  Lastly... you just don't make kobe beef into hamburger at all. That would be like giving your dog fresh lobster. 

So bypassing that little rant, the garlic fries were boring. There was just the barest hint of garlic on them, but no actual garlic pieces. I'd expect to at least see a couple of pieces of garlic on the fries. I'm not even 100% convinced I wasn't tasting garlic because I expected it and the fries actually didn't have any at all. 

The house made chips were in the same boat. They were OK, but nothing great. The blue cheese was obviously cheap mass produced as it was very salty (mass produced blue cheese has more salt in it to preserve it longer,) and the bacon was thin tasteless shreds that'd have a hard time even being mistaken as a pork product. The chips themselves, if actually "house made," tasted and looked pretty much like Kettle Chips.

The New York strip redeemed the appetizers somewhat, but it certainly was not a good enough cut of meat to justify the price attached to it. It should have been at least ten dollars cheaper. Coworkers reported similar issues with their items, OK, but really not worth the price.

On top of the mediocre and uninteresting food, the service was really spotty. I'm not sure if it was because we didn't seem to have a dedicated waitress or if a half crowded restaurant and bar area were some how busy or understaffed. But it took a long time to get water and drink orders. Once we got the drinks, they were all emptied well before a different waitress came by for the appetizer/dinner order. Once we did order, and get drink refills it was nearly 15 minutes before the appetizers came by. Another round of refills then we ended up waiting so long for (24 minutes!) the main meal that we finished off appetizers and drinks and were seriously contemplating leaving.  Only the final arrival of the main course stopped that discussion.

A second visit on a different night, just to be sure I was being fair in this review only served to drop another star off it. It's nice that they have little touches like a Vegetarian and Gluten free menu, both of which are pretty expansive, but Gordon Biersch is obviously a case of a chain trying to serve too many segments of the market and not doing a good job in any of them due to a lack of adequate oversight from regional management. 

I would give this place a wide berth and visit somewhere else, there is a great locally owned steak place that has better food, better beer selection (including a few choices from my home town,) better prices, and much better service less then a mile away.