Now, my mother used to be a postal worker. Yeah, she owned a gun. Yeah, she went crazy and nearly shot some bitches. She would come home and tell me the politics, the drama, the millions of maddening instances of pettiness that drives people over the edge. So I, for a time, was a little bit sympathetic to the plight of the beleaguered postal worker.

That time is waaaaay done.

This, the Mahattanville Station, is hands down the WORST post office I have ever had the misfortune of going to. When I got there today, as most days, there were a short supply of workers in the retail windows. 3 in fact, out of a possible 9. One finished up with a woman and then promptly closed his window while the line started to grow. 15 mins of waiting and then another retail agent closed her window. Apparently, they both went on their lunch break while line got even longer. By the time I was close to the beginning of the line, a line had formed at the Inquiry window where one worker seemed to be there and not there. Then a frustrated mob of people were pacing because the Passport window did not have anyone working in it when it clearly should have been open. A woman and her young son talked to an aimless woman walking behind the retail plexiglass to find out if the Passport window was in fact "open." I heard the postal worker say, "I will find out" and then leave to the back. She never came back. No one seemed to know if there was going to be anyone to help the people there to get their passport applications done. That was about an eight person line. No one else came to help the one woman working the retail windows. Still no one came to the passport window. 

This is the place where customer service goes to die.

This is the place where the MTA can point, snicker and say, "These assholes makes US look like model managers!"

This is the place where the public is gonna start shooting the postal workers, and not the other way around.

And frankly, when that happens, I'd like to be there to watch.