April Bullock is dangerous and should be avoided! I barely escaped with my life.

The list of ways in which April was negligent is long so I'm including the short version here.

April sat on the floor in my bedroom while I was in labor and couldn't be bothered to offer a word of encouragement or anything else useful.

Although she had plenty of notice (20 hour labor), she never managed to get a pair of gloves on when my baby was born. My husband had to get her up off the floor by saying "I can see his head!"

She performed cord traction when there was a problem with the placenta which is sometimes done but she didn't inform or better yet ask me if it was ok. Later she admitted that she may have pulled too hard.

Which leads us to...she didn't notice an entire placental lobe left in my uterus. She put me in an herbal bath with my cervix still open and placenta still in my uterus. When I spiked a fever the next night, she acted like we were such a bother and told me and my husband it was probably just the flu. 

The rest of the story goes like this... I wound up with sepsis in intensive care fighting for my life while my husband took care of our newborn and four other kids. My mom and sisters stayed with me around the clock but April once again couldn't be bothered to go to the hospital. She told my husband another mom might go into labor at any time so she couldn't go to the hospital. My temperature was 105, my BP was 80/50 and my heart rate was skyrocketing. Doctors were shocked that I made it. They had already sent in the special hospital nurses who are trained to prepare the family for a patient's death. There is so much more to it but it's still really tough to re-live.

My kids have a mom today but it's no thanks to April Bullock. Her negligence nearly killed me and it all could have been prevented. When we got the placenta out of our fridge for further examination, it was clear that there were extra membranes and vessels leading to something (like the placental lobe that was left behind). April even noted "trailing membranes" in my file.  An ultrasound would have confirmed that and immediate removal would have prevented septic shock and the complete hell that I and my family went through. 

There are so many more details that I didn't include in this review. Please just know that April seems nice and even competent in an interview and prenatal visits but becomes a completely different person at the birth. She lacks competence and compassion so please don't risk your life by using her. I've had 2 other beautiful home births with a midwife that has since retired. I am hoping that every mom who wants a peaceful, serene and safe birth at home or in a birth center and googles austin midwife will read this review and know that she can have a wonderful birth with a competent and caring midwife.  I know homebirth is safe but April Bullock is not!

By the way, in case you're wondering, my sweet baby is now 6 months and doing fine despite starting out with no mommy and a barely there mommy for his first few months. My 13 year old is terrified of birth and my other 3 kids are still recovering from the terrifying trauma they endured. We will all heal eventually and hope that no one else ever suffers like we did.