After a great meal in a NICE (wealthy) area of Seattle and some drinks in Fremont, my girlfriend and I decided to get a nightcap in the general area of UW before heading back to my apartment.

Earl's looked half decent from the outside and I am always looking to play a game of pool.  Now, let's keep in mind - I am a not a snob - I like dive bars and I've searched for them not only in Arizona but also back home in PA...but I really wasn't prepared for what I saw when I walked in the door of this place.

Everyone here was underage...I mean seriously?!?  There were kids in here that looked younger than my 14 year old sister.  The "older" looking folks, were probably older but looked like complete degenerates.  The line to the bar was 5 guys deep the entire length of the bar...with two bartenders.  The interior of the place was a joke...it was the definition of a dive bar...cheap pool tables that looked like they had seen one-too-many spilled drinks (the pool tables were also poorly located - in a narrow passage way toward the front...I can't imagine how many fights are started by ruined shots when someone walking by bumps a player)...and at least half the tables inside were PICNIC TABLES...yes, unfinished and cracked wooden picnic tables covered in the ugly multi-colored marking of drunken undergraduate students with Sharpies.  I've never seen anything so dive-ish in my life...and I used to go to bars in Philly.  And to make matters worse the music is WAY too loud...I mean seriously, you can hear it clearly at least a block away - so how much damage are you doing to your ears when you're inside this place?

My girlfriend rightfully pulled me out of there before we ordered any drinks and we just called it a night.

Anyway...I assumed I might go here a couple times and be able to get drunk and then walk home - which I've never been able to do throughout college (always lived too far away).  Unfortunately, this place is way too pathetic for me to ever step foot in again...there's a character limit on these reviews, you know?...I'd never be able to full describe all the problems with this place.  Maybe this is a sign I'm getting old...but then again, I don't recall a time at any point that this bar would have appealed to me.

Final grade = F