My friend and I dined early on a Saturday evening. The hostess was warm and welcoming and offered us a choice of tables. She even took our umbrellas and stowed them where we could pick them up on our way out later.

The atmosphere is comfortably luxurious but not stuffy. Our waitperson was knowledgeable and friendly. The sliced baguette served before dinner was very good with a nice crunchy crust.

The menu has interesting variety. My friend and I started with the Traditional Baked Alsatian Escargots, which were served still bubbling hot in butter (or oil?) and overwhelmed with herbs. I would have liked a little more garlic and fewer herbs. We shared a Tarte Flambée, the "traditional" version described as being topped with hickory smoked bacon and caramelized onions. It's like a flatbread, light and crispy. Our caramelized onions were not caramelized. They were just barely cooked, still translucent, and hardly visible on the pale flatbread. The bacon wasn't fully cooked either. The fat was still white and soft. I realized at that point that the kitchen was lacking attention to detail. We had come in early (5:30 PM) and the restaurant had very few customers, so the cooking staff should not have needed to cut corners. Keep in mind; this is a moderately pricey establishment.

For entrees, my friend ordered the duck breast with risotto ($28) and I ordered the Angus rib eye steak with Lyonnaise potatoes ($29). The duck meat was served in five or six average sized slices arranged on top of the risotto. It was bland and so was the risotto. There's nothing more to it than that. My rib eye steak was not exactly transformed either. I ordered it medium rare and it was served as such. It proved to be exactly what it is, an inexpensive steak, chewy, not trimmed of larger chunks of excess fat, and a bit stringy. It was seasoned appropriately, but it wasn't worth the price, even with the great service. (I should have known better than to order that cut at that price.) The nearly cold potatoes and frail off-color broccoli didn't elevate the dish either.

For dessert, we shared two different selections. I had the Chocolate Kougelhopf, described as a warm dense chocolate cake, caramel coulis, vanilla ice cream, and chocolate ganache. This lived up to its description. It was as gooey and chocolaty as it sounds. The ganache was generous and delicious! This quickly became our main focus.

The other dessert, the Frangipane Cake, was a warm almond cake served with fresh fruit compote in cherry sauce on the side. It was nice, but not memorable like the chocolate cake. 

We used a Groupon, so I can't complain about the lack of value for the price in this case, but the food we ate was underwhelming. If you go to Sandrine's, I suggest you try the chocolate cake. Be assured you will be treated well. The service is excellent.

P.S. On another note, out of five other occupied tables when we first sat down, there were three parties with children under two years old. (Maybe it's a Harvard Square thing to bring your kids to a sophisticated adult restaurant.) During our meal, a woman entered with a four-month-old infant in a car seat. She was placed at the table immediately next to ours, sitting with child on the shared upholstered wall bench next to me. I overheard the woman advise the server that her tiny baby had just been fed prior to coming and that the infant would hopefully be quiet. Even so, I couldn't help feeling like I was sitting next to a roadside bomb. I never said anything. I would never be rude about such things, but I wish people would be more considerate about dining out. Sandrine's is not an iHop or a Denny's. I believe part of what you pay extra for is the atmosphere--a calmer, more sophisticated environment (as in grown-ups only). Fortunately, the tiny infant slept, but I still felt on edge.

I think it's wrong to make others feel uncomfortable just because you think so highly of yourself, even if you aren't concerned about your baby being passed someone else's cold or flu or some other germ. Meanwhile, at another table, a small boy pierced the calm with few loud outbursts and screams (as any intelligent adult--but not his parents--would expect). Of course, the woman with the infant next to me proved to be extra needy with the server, causing us to have to wait several minutes just to ask for a dessert menu. She never stopped talking, even asking the server to bring her a sample of Rose wine from the bar before maybe ordering it. (Sample a Rose?) Then her husband arrived late. They spent 10 minutes grilling the server with questions. I was glad we finished before they dug-in because I was getting tired of tuning out their whole ordeal. To parents, please stay home with your newborns and toddlers, or just go to a Chucky Cheese if you absolutely must get out. Or, get a sitter. You are not the exception. Other people around you at restaurants are just tolerating you while secretly thinking awful things about you. pht-t-t!