I can't recommend Key Auto Werks.

My engine died during an enormous rainstorm in Houston and I really needed a good shop. I took my car here due to the positive Yelp reviews and the excellent phone consultation that Scott gave me when I told him about the issue. He explained everything to me clearly and thoroughly and agreed to work with me and the insurance company. They explained clearly that the damage was caused by water getting into the engine, and worked out an estimate that seemed reasonable for a used replacement engine.

Trouble started when they recommended that I also get body work done on the car; apparently in an unrelated incident the bumper had gotten pushed back so that the engine fan might not work properly, possibly causing a future engine failure. Scott said he had a great body shop in mind, but got a bit pushy when I told him that I was going to take it to a different one.

Over the course of the repairs, communication with Scott got more and more terse and unpleasant (I should add that this shop is extremely busy). I eventually got my car back and took it to the body shop, and not 30 minutes after I had that work done, the "check engine" light came on. Figuring it wasn't a coincidence, I called Key Auto Werks to ask if they'd take a look at it. They said they'd be happy to take a look at it, but if the cause turned out to not be due to the repairs, they told me they'd charge a $120 "engine diagnostic" fee. I was afraid they'd try to blame the body shop for whatever it was, since they had worked on the bumper, and I asked them to look at it instead. They did it for free, and it amounted to basically reading a code that my car's computer spit out. I could have paid $120 for them to read a code!

It turns out that the code indicated a failure with one of the oxygen sensors in the engine. I again called Key, and Scott estimated it was "about a 10% chance" that the failure was related to the repairs and that the insurance company would probably not reimburse me. I had the body shop take a look, and sure enough the sensor was water damaged. It turns out that while Key had replaced the engine block, they had simply transferred the electrical components from the old engine to the new. I have since found out that this is not an unreasonable repair, but I was not informed of this and at that point had become frustrated with dealing with Key. I had the body shop replace the sensor instead.

I should emphasize that I don't think the shop is run by crooks or anything, just that I didn't have a pleasant experience dealing with a very stressful situation (I ended up being without use of my car for an entire month). I don't know if it was because my car was a Honda Fit (being in West U, they are probably more accustomed to handling BMWs and Audis) or if I caught them on a bad month, but for what I had to pay and for what I was dealing with, I think another shop could have done a better job.