I was so disappointed when I ate here again last night (note: I wrote a pretty glowing review about my 22nd birthday celebration here a few weekends ago so I expected good service again). We walked in at around 6:45 pm, after the Oktoberfest and Honk! Parade festivities and were seated right away considering the restaurant itself was maybe half full, with most of the life happening around the bar. Our waiter came and took our order. When he got to my friend who wanted to order a pizza, he said that they were all out for the night. I'm not quite sure how that would happen in a restaurant where an entire portion of their menu is out of commission. Ok, fine, we moved on. Then we tried to order a bottle of Pinot Grigio. He comes back, they're apparently all out of PG bottles too. His brownie points are slowly waning. We finally put in our final orders, with some changes due to the lack of inventory they've got going on. We're at the restaurant for maybe 15-20 mins. now, haven't received the complimentary bread rolls yet, it gets to the point that my friend has to flag down the waiter to just ask for them. We notice the table next to us gets their starter bread rolls AFTER their entrees are served. I'm pretty sure that's backward logic at it's best. We finally get our food, turns out the pizza my friend wanted initially is actually still around so he brings it out, +1 brownie point. To top off the crappy service, when we finally want our check, prep our cards and cash and are ready to give it back, our waiter is no where to be found. I'm pretty sure a restaurant would LOVE to turnover as many customers as possible in as short a period of time. Didn't seem to be happening. We finally got approached by someone who appeared to be a hostess, not a waiter. It looked like our waiter had checked out for the night because we didn't see him walking around anywhere. I hope he doesn't get the tip from our bill because someone else definitely deserves it far more than he does. Thank God someone wanted us out of there or it would have taken years to even make it out the door.