I beg to differ with the other reviewers here. My first and only visit to Seco's was predicated on high marks from Yelp, but the experience was less than stellar. Some pluses: the food was generally good, but not spectacular. Chips were not as thin, warm, and tasty as those at Little Pappasitos. The salsa was bland, although not as soupy as LP's salsa. Deep fried calimari and stuffed poblanos were fine. The Pollo Cilantro dish was okay, but a bit oily (as were the green beans), and nothing that couldn't be better made at home. It replaced the Shrimp Jalisco entree, which was frankly horrible. Smelling very fishy, one bite was enough to confirm that it was "off", even though it had been heavily salted. (Googling afterward found a review by the Houston Chronicle which also panned the Shrimp Jalisco. You have been warned...) The salad that came with the Pollo Cilantro was about as plain as possible: chopped lettuce tossed with dressing garnished with two small slices of tomato. "Bread Pudding"... let's just say it was normal bread pudding. I've had better in New Orleans, but what would you expect? Overall, Seco's edible food was a solid 3 stars: good, but nothing memorable. The rotten shrimp dish merits a 1 star rating, and the fact that the staff apologized, didn't charge for it, and comped my dessert bumps it to a 2 star rating. The chef came out and apologized three times, insisted on shaking my hand, etc.  (After the first apology I began to feel a bit uncomfortable.) The service was otherwise normal; not bad, not spectacular; in a word, competent. 

I definitely wanted to like Seco's, with five glowing 5-star reviews, a little neighborhood spot featuring authentic Latin food, quaint ambience, etc. sounded great. It didn't measure up, however. The food didn't particularly impress. Ambience... if you like your food served in plastic baskets (chips) and wrapped in tin-foil from the kitchen, Seco's is more than adequate. The atmosphere is clearly a step up from the local taco truck, but the food isn't necessarily any better. Five stars? Mockingbird Cafe gets 4.5 stars, and is miles above Seco's for twice the price. Little Pappasitos is significantly better for about the same cost. There's a reason Seco's isn't crowded -- there are better places to eat in town. You're welcome to try it and see for yourself, of course; just ignore the hype and give it your honest appraisal. Afterward, I'll see you in line outside Little Pappasitos, where the food is wonderful and the Emperor really does wear clothes!