As a past waiter, cook, and all around restaurant person, I have a fair amount of patience when it comes to service. I realize not all things are the server's fault, however, this time I have to write something because it essentially ruined my entire afternoon. I've been here numerous times and I have to say that the food is fairly decent but not any better than Madam Mam's a block away. I usually go here because it's less crowded. I WILL NEVER GO BACK and continue on to Madam Mam's when I feel like Thai food. In fact, I might even go so far as to pop my head in this place each time just to announce that I am on my way to Madam Mam's in response to how horrible I was treated and embarrassed.

A group of three of us ate lunch today and were treated fine I suppose, yet the only thing the server (who I believe is the infamously rude manager) did was bring out drinks and the check... the cook brought our food out. After the meal was finished, my portion of the check came out to almost $12 and so I tipped $2 which is fine (17%). I hadn't realized that someone in our party left a slightly smaller tip but I have no doubt that the overall tip for the check was at least 15%. As we are leaving, she reads my tip and yells out across the restaurant "What? Is that it? $2?! You had 30 dollars!?" and starts showing it to people at nearby tables! At this point I'm horribly embarrassed, so I walk over and apologize and put another 2 bucks down (which brings my personal tip up to 30%) and walk away fuming mad. What nerve! 

DO NOT GO HERE! The food is just as good a block over at Mam's and at least the service there is professional. I'm still fuming over this and I'm usually a very polite and passive person but I have no problem stating that someone doesn't deserve business if this is how they treat customers. If you don't believe me, just read a few more reviews and if they have something negative to say, it's about that despicable woman. Ugh. I'll feel better knowing that I've saved someone from an embarrassing ordeal such as this one.