Spa 858 has been closed for some time. Dr. George Weiss is the owner and it seems that his treatment centers  change location  every few months. His most recent location was in Carlsbad  area where his Center for Longevity was located. The Center for Longevity closed this week and Dr. Weiss is relocating his offices once again to the La Jolla area. 
I've never met Dr. Weiss or his staff but I can tell you about my ordeal in dealing with his office staff. My girlfriend received a $250 gift certificate for s spa package at Spa 858. To make a long story short, she never got around to using it but she held onto the certificate hoping that someday she might be able to put it to use. Spa 858 moved to Mission Valley and changed their name. From there they moved to Carlsbad. I called Dr. Weiss office staff at both of these locations and tried to find out if my girlfriend could use her gift certificate at any of these new locations. First of all, getting through to anyone at Dr. Weiss office proved very difficult. No one could give me a straight answer and they were frequently unavailable to answer calls. Finally an office manager at the Carlsbad office asked us to fax the certificate to her so she could see what services she could offer us. After a week of not hearing back from her we called once again to find out if my girlfriend could use her gift certificate. The office managee told us she never received the fax. So once again we sent a copy of the gift certificate to Dr. Weiss's office. I called right afterwards to ask the office manager if she received it. She told me she did. This was two weeks ago. They never called back or sent a letter telling us that they would honor the original $250 gift certificate. 
This office has a poor sense of business ethics and is poorly managed. There are many other professionally ran spas that go out of their way to assist potential clients. If I were you I wouldn't use Dr. Weiss's spa or beauty services for anything. They are dishonest and they don't honor their gift certificates. They are extremely difficult to reach on the phone and they do not return phone calls. Don't waste your time and money, go elsewhere. He might talk a good talk on TV, but his office is not customer or consumer oriented.