We went to this practice for 14 years, first with my older daughter (who switched to an adult dentist two years ago) and then with our youngest.  We had been pleased with Dr. Samudio, whom we had seen for years, although I do have to admit that it was irritating after all that time to still be called "Mom" by him (and other staffers), since I don't think anyone there bothered to actually learn the parents' names (although, we did have two hygienists, Jesse and another guy, who did learn my name and were always very nice - they're long gone though.).  Samudio has retired and we went recently to Dr. Adams  Here is what transpired:

My daughter recently got her braces off.  She had a dead tooth in the front and was hoping to have it whitened.  I called from the orthodontist's office when her braces came off and we were able to clearly see the extent of the discoloration.  I made an appointment for a cavity (that had been noted at her appt. 3 months previously, but the decision had been made to wait until her braces came off, since we knew that was coming up) and a tooth whitening  

Anyway, when we got to the office, the hygienist walked us back and started talking about a cleaning.  Long story short, I told her that wasn't why we were there (it did surprise me that the computer didn't note that my daughter had had her teeth cleaned three months previously).  They were able to fill her cavity, but there was no time for the whitening.

The issue came about when I asked when she could get her tooth whitened.  Dr. Adams said that he was working on weekends but when I asked for a weekend appointment he said, "Oh, those are all filled."  I said (very pleasantly but matter of factly)  that the mix up with the appointment was not our fault and that it would be good to get my daugher in as soon as possible.  This is when Dr. Adams lifted his hand and said, "Talk to the hand."   I was absolutely flabbergasted and had no idea  how to react.

Later, in the same appointment, Dr. Adams talked at great length about his time in the Stanford Band.  He talked about how they got drunk and essentially held a beauty contest to pick the Stanford Dollies.  I really didn't think that this kind of frat boy talk and obvious sexism was really appropriate from a professional in front of my 14 year old daughter.  

By the time we checked out, I asked my daughter "Are you done here?" and she said, "Oh yeah."

This was not a mere misunderstanding.  This was unprofessional and unacceptable behavior.  It is a sad end to 14 years of going to what used to be a practice that we recommended to everyone.