Reviews:

With 10 locations set to open in LA, OC, and SD by 2008, Red Mango is several yards behind Pinkberry on the American stretch. There is currently only one actual U.S. location - in Westwood Village - and when we stopped by there on Sunday afternoon, the place was packed with family and friends of the owner, Dan. Red Mango employs mostly undergrads from nearby UCLA, and from what we could tell, they were flustered in light of the surge of patrons. There was a reason for this new popularity: Red Mango has invested a huge amount of money to ensure that it becomes a dominant U.S. chain over night. The menu's here? Beautifully designed prints on expensive cardstock. The store is much more attractive and classier than Pinkberry, which looks like something Hello Kitty hacked up after binging on lime jelly beans and pepto bismal.

Before it becomes a conglomerate, Red Mango is really trying to advertise itself as more elite and exclusive than its celebrated rival, more in tune with the Asian hipster crowd. Smart move. I wondered, though, if the taste could back that up.

When Red Mango says "the original healthy frozen yogurt" (or, for this matter, when any place says "healthy frozen yogurt"), they are trying to - politically correctly - say "Asian." And when they say "Asian," they are - perhaps unknowingly - referring to Vietnamese. And when I say "Vietnamese," I am referring to a way to make yogurt that we got from the French. Okay, now that we have that down...

Red Mango is nothing like the "original (Asian) frozen yogurt." Maybe it was the first known business establishment of it's sort in Korea, but as far as I am concerned yogurt has existed in Asia waaaaay before. Red Mango is not the original in time or technique. Actually, it just tastes like regular frozen yogurt, albiet with a slight sourness. The ingredients in both available flavors include skim milk, sucrose, dry milk, modified starch, and cellulose gum - stuff you would find anywhere. A medium sized yogurt contains approximately 30 grams of sugar - so unless you are microscopic and live between teeth - your health is probably not going to benefit any. A large yogurt with 3 toppings will cost you about 8 bucks.

Other than the fact that the bananas were still raw, I liked the toppings - especially the mini dark chocolate chips and Fruity Pebbles. They don't offer mochi here (yet), but dry toppings selection includes stuff like: granola, dried cranberries, graham crackers, and various sweet cereals. Their fresh fruit toppings include stuff like: watermelon, mango, blueberry, and blackberry.

Try it once to see for yourself, but we probably won't be back... not because the yogurt isn't good, but because there are better options.