Man, I almost feel bad about writing this review.

I'm gonna have to agree with Brad P's review from earlier this year. The wait is just ridiculous. I've gone here a few times before, often at 12PM or so, and never waited more than 10 minutes. That is totally acceptable. I'd be okay with 20 if it was a busy day. 

Today, I ventured around the corner from my building at 1:15PM, this is my usual time to go to other food trucks and the lines are more minimal than at 11-12. I was starving, so I figured going to the food truck closest to my office was the best idea, and I'd liked what I'd gotten here previously, so why not.  Seeing that there were a few people gathered around the truck, I expected a line, but I was told that everyone had placed their order, so I was next to place mine. I ordered a steak quesadilla and stood against the hospital building nearby, there was just enough shade to cover where I was standing.

I watched every person who was there before me leave with their order, and when the next person in line after me was up, the guy in the stand came out, pointed at me, and said "Chicken burrito?" and I said no, I hadn't ordered that. I noticed a co worker who arrived 10 minutes after me, who also did not call in his order, was leaving with his. I waited an additional 20 minutes, noticed that pretty much everyone that had gotten there after me had left as well. 

At this point, I went up to the stand, noticing that the small sliver of shade against the building had turned into several feet, looking at the clock realizing 50 minutes (!!!!) had gone by, I explained to the man in the truck my dilemma. At first he thought I meant 15, but I repeated myself, 50. 50 minutes. I noticed that right after I said this, he looked a bit flustered, and I think he lost track of my order, because he started making it right away, telling me I was next. Jeez. He was friendly about it though. In about 2 minutes, my food was done. He told me that he was sorry, that I should call my orders in, and offered a free drink as an apology and I was on my way. I did notice that a few people that had called their order in stood around quite a while as well, and based on other reviews, I'm not sure it makes a difference. I also don't see a reason why a 7 dollar taco should require a call in.

My rating for the food is based on the wait, and the fact that they obviously made a mistake. If it had been a 10-15 minute wait, my rating would have been 4 or 5 stars. The food here is pretty good, but I'm not sure if I can tolerate that kind of wait. I'm not one to complain about long wait times at restaurants, but look at me go!