When we were shown the Model apartment at Parc Claremont, it was beautiful! We immediately put an apartment on hold and were excited to move in. We were about to move into Parc Claremont. Moved out of our old apartment- on May 30th our lease was up and put all our stuff in storage. We were told our apartment at Parc Claremont would be available on June 26th. We didnt mind the wait, because the apartment we were shown was beautiful. We moved in with my boyfriends parents in the meantime. On June 26th, we showed up with money orders in hand, boxes in the car, ready to move in! We only had 2 days off of work to move, and our storage units could only be occupied for 2 more days, Perfect! We entered the office, and the Manager, Jerry, asked if we were ready to move in, and said that she didn't get a chance to even look at the apartment. Thats odd, we've been calling the past week asking when it was ready and she said it was, how did she know if she hadn't even seen the apartment? She sent us to go check it out with another employee. Another couple came in the office as we were walking out to inquire about renting, so Jerry told them to go with us to look at our apartment... awkward! We didn't even know these people! That should've been our red flag. While we were walking to our new apartment, we could hear dogs barking all over and the guy across from us was in his apartment moaning really strange and loud...We went into our 'new apartment' It was TRASHED! I took pictures and will post them. You could tell the carpet wasn't vacuumed, but for some reason it got shampooed. There were 3 different HUGE stains on the carpet that we couldn't even identify , missing outlet covers, the outlet covers that were there were blackened, mold in the bathroom on the floor AND in the shower (Jerry said it was 'just glue'), paint was nasty and all over light switch covers and mirrors. This was completely unacceptable. We went back in the office (The other couple high tailed it out of there!) and told Jerry about the conditions. I don't think she believed us because she had to go see for herself. I asked her if she would move into a gross apartment like this, she said "That is not the issue". She said she could clean the carpets again. They needed MUCH more than that! They needed replaced. We were NOT about to move in! This was the complete opposite of the first apartment we looked at. I don't know how it was okay to even show anyone this apartment! Words cannot express our disappointment. We demanded our deposit back, our application fee back, and we wanted to be reimbursed for the storage fees we now have to pay! How are we supposed to find another place to live in 2 days?? We would've moved in immediately if it wasn't for the disgusting conditions of the apartment! It was not our fault we weren't moving in We wanted ALL our money back. After saying there was 'nothing she could do' and being VERY unprofessional (Saying how she hates her job and that she needs a vacation) Jerry said that the owner was not there, that he was on his way home, has no cell phone, but she would leave him a message. Shortly after she told us this, the owner strolls in the office. She completely lied to us! When we asked the owner what was going on with all this, he acted like he spoke absolutely no english and said "No she manager". Jerry then took the owner over  by the pool to speak to him (in english i assume), when my boyfriend tried to follow, Jerry got very angry and rude and told him to go away. She came back with a check for the deposit, but no application fee or any type of storage reimbursement. Jerry was extremely rude and unprofessional the entire time. When we said we weren't leaving without our money, she said "Oh yes you will" and threatened to call the cops. We kept explaining that we were not the ones in the wrong! We thought we were moving in that day. Soo disappointing!