I moved to Champaign without having the opportunity to view the condo I eventually rented through Green Street Realty. They were easy to work with remotely - though I did have to arrange to receive my keys through a trusted friend. The condo was clean, almost everything in good working order, and the staff willing to answer my remaining questions over the phone. It was a wonderful experience.

I stayed in the unit for nearly a year and a half when I had an opportunity to relocate to Chicago. Having eight months left on my lease, I paid a $150.00 sublet fee, ran ads online, in the News-Gazette, and put up fliers all over town. In eight months, I did not successfully find a single individual willing to sublet the condo. While I have no substantial proof of illegal behavior - I did have one woman call me back to mention that they suggested another unit with a garage when she called to ask Green Street Realty about my unit. I know it's been a bad real estate market, but a former neighbor e-mailed to let me know someone moved in the day my lease ended. One may draw their own conclusions, as I dare not suggest that they had no interest in subletting the place while they technically had an ideal tenant.

For eight months, I paid full rent and utilities on a place that sat totally empty. I dropped by to ensure the thermostat was properly set and everything was okay. Nearly $100 was spent on advertising the place over the first four months after I moved out. All of this came to nought. I had friends and family encouraging me to just stop paying the lease - but as I had signed a contract with Green Street Realty in good faith, I held to it - expecting that they would act in the best interest of both the property owner (having someone actually in residence there) and me as a client and tenant (mitigation of my damages and as my agent in subletting). Way to fail - I wonder if the owner knew the unit was vacant the whole time?

Overall, I can say Green Street Realty does exactly what they are required to under law. However, I can say without hesitation that when it comes to serving the best interests of tenants and owners, they fall far below the bar.