This place sucks.

We arrived at 12:30 today and it wasn't that crowded.  A menu and ordering sheets were thrown at us and the waitress disappeared.  To put it mildly, the service is sub par.

When she returned 20 minutes later, we asked for tea and tried to ask some questions; she was too busy on her cell phone and pointed at the papers we were to use.  Okay.

So we ordered 1 tempura shrimp, 1 spicy tuna handroll, a salmon skin roll, eel avocado roll, and yellowtail jalapeno sashimi--not a very large order.

Another cup of hot tea--by the time we were released from this slow torture at 1:40, we will have each had 5 cups of hot tea.

Another 15 minutes and we received 2 pieces of really greasy tempuraed shrimp.  Okay.  We ordered the appetizer, but whatever.  

Then we waited another 35 minutes.  Someone else's platter was put down, which happened to have a really full spicy tuna handroll, but it was not for us.  So we waited another 10 minutes or so.  Then a large plate, with 2 pieces of yellowtail with a hacked piece of jalapeno on each.  Not flavourful and cut poorly so it was chewy.

Then a plate with a mostly empty spicy tuna handroll, 2 yellowtail nigiri sushi which we didn't order and which had no flavour and were rubbery--as though they had been sitting out for a few days (even supermarket sushi is better than this), the avocado eel roll which, again, had no flavour at all, and the salmon skin roll, which was super fishy.  To top it off, the rice was mushy, not sticky.  

So we asked for the bill.  And were charged for the all-you-can-eat.  Huh?   You must be f***ing kidding me.  No, I didn't swear.  Then we were chastised for not letting our server know in advance that we weren't getting all you can eat.  Really?   The only words we got from her was when she whacked me in the back of the head and said she had to adjust the temperature in the place.  And somehow,  the 3 rolls and 2 pieces of tempura are normal for an all you can eat order for 2 people?

So they adjusted the bill; it was $25 including tax.  

To state it mildly, this place was absolutely terrible.  The sushi was disgusting and bland, and I hope we don't get sick from it.  The service is worse than anything we'd had in months--the crappy Thai place in Princeton has better service.  

Our dog would make better sushi, but would probably also eat it.  She'd bark at the children, but would at least be attentive.  

Anyone who thinks this place is anything above absolute crap has dead taste buds.  I really don't know what is wrong with all of the other posters who gave it a 4*.  Then again, maybe I should LIKE rubbery, flavourless fish that smells fishy, because everyone knows that freshness=stinky fish!  But hey, I shouldn't be mean because a lot of the time people think that quantity=quality.  No, it's just a bigger pile of crap.

Needless to say, we don't plan to return.