This is the first travel agency my fiance and I have ever been too. We both are pretty comfortable navigating online travel websites, but we suspected that we might get a better price for our honeymoon through an agent. I am so glad that we decided to walk into another one after our experience here, because we left this agency very discouraged!

I called to schedule an appointment with Nazi earlier last week. Over the phone she was very abrasive - interrupting me for more details (which I didn't have - we were going to see her to get more information about our options with our budget and I didn't want to end up deciding honeymoon stuff without my fiance's input). I should have taken a clue from the phone call, but we did end up going to meet with her.

When we came to her office Friday afternoon, she was meeting with a few other folks so we had to wait a few minutes outside. No big deal, except she didn't seem to rush them out or anything even though we had an appointment (and didn't apologize for the wait either). She started off by asking us questions about where we want to go (my fiance started listing off many places) but didn't ask us our budget. 

When I did mention the budget (~$2500 for air/hotel/car for 1 week), she seemed to get less responsive. She even told us that maybe we should just stay at home. (It is our honeymoon! We want to get away!) She kept drumming up Costa Rica for some reason, but told us we couldn't go in October because of the rainy season. When we asked for something to Kauai, she looked around for a brochure but couldn't find anything (her office is pretty disorganized looking). Not anything even general to Hawaii. She strongly discouraged us from going to anywhere in Mexico (even though she had a ton of brochures and posters posted) and said the Caribbean was too expensive for us (thanks for pointing out what we already know!).  I think she might be better versed with European travel, but she wasn't very helpful for us. I would definitely not recommend her for anything to Hawaii or Central America!

She eventually called and got information about air + hotel + car for Kauai but the package was over our budget and more expensive than things I'd found myself on Costco Travel. We told her we'd have to think about it. I'm glad that we did - we ended up getting a package with the same hotel (and same room type) & same dates + car for over $1000 cheaper with another agency (Travel Dynamics in La Jolla)!