"Say Cheese!?"

So, my wife and I visited the woefully overrated (at least here on Yelp) "The Press Restaurant with 6 of our friends last night, and I was looking forward to some good eats with some good friends.   Well, let me just say that anyone who gives this place anything higher than 2 stars, I will look at any other review they wright with great skeptism.  Sorry, but I've eaten at hundreds of restaurants, and this place is really not deserving of anything over 2 stars.

So, I won't go too in-depth, but let's just cover some basics:

1. If you Open at 5pm on Sunday for dinner, and the 1st listing on your menu is "Cheese Plate, Large or Small", AND you also boast your wine selection .. how is that you are "COMPLETELY" out of Cheese at 5:55pm.  Is there a rat problem you haven't told us about?   I mean, more than half of your plates come with some kind of cheese, melted or spread ... you can't get your so-called "chef" to whip something together, not even an HOUR after you open??   Minus 1 Star

2. A group of 8 professional, well-dressed, adults come into your nearly empty establishment during what is probably our generation's "great depression", and the staff looks at you like you just ruined their day ... and then says there is no room for you to sit because they have 30 people coming in later, so, you can sit in their tiny little bar area ... c'mon!!  Minus 1 Star

3. Hey!  Yeah, you ... employees ... SMILE!  Say hello!?  Bother to Greet us?  We're dropping a couple of Benjamin's on your organic/vegan slop and paultry wine list (with no cheese to pair it with, might I add) .. the least you can do when you drop off your soggy, tasteless appetizer of "Organic" Fry Plate without anything but Katsup, you could come back and check to see if I wanted something more than something I can get at McDonalds.   Hell, even at McDonalds, I can get HoneyMustard or BBQ or Ranch!  But I digress ... just friggin check back, smile, do something other than dropping off the check at the first chance.  And just because we are 8 people crammed onto bar-stools ... doesn't mean you get to charge 18% automatic tip ... you need to make damn sure we've got linen napkins, water glasses and a friggin flower on the table before you pull that crap.   Next time, I'll just walk to the surly bartender for that.  (-2 Stars -- Service was abyssmal)

4. Food, Food, Food ... Listen, if it were up to me ... I wouldn't eat most of the "organic, hippie" food that seems to have taken over at The Press.  It isn't very pretty on the plate when it is served, and the flavors are really bland, overall.  I mean, I love Tofu .. but without someone bothering to be trained in how to work with it, it is just tasteless mush.   Did I mention that they RAN OUT OF CHEESE at a place that has a big WINE BOTTLE on their logo??   Food was just not up to par...  (-1/2 star)

5. Price - $15-$30 a plate for what amounts to substandard "Organic" food?  Really?  Overall, the prices were what you'd expect at a really nice restaurant with plenty of service and ability to handle 8 customers on a Sunday evening.  If I wanted to eat at the bar, I would have gone to El Torito, and at least gotten free chips, $4 margarita and something edible.  (-1 star)

So, if my 1st Grade math serves ... it is -5 1/2 stars from 5.   Unfortunately, I am stuck with giving this place 1 star ...  I will NEVER go back here.   Not with so many other options in Claremont ... especially the Back Abbey (oh why are you not open on Sundays!!??).  

Here's another things that I'd like to leave you and all restaurants nowadays ... times are tough, and it will only get worse.  Anyone who walks through your door, treat them a little bit better than some street urchins who comes in begging for scraps.   Even affluent areas like Claremont is seeing its fair share of business closures (I counted 4 just in 1-2 blocks).   

You are not going to make it, "The Press" ... if you keep this up.