What. The. Shit? 

Seriously the exchange that I had here was so awesomely horrible that I'm almost at a loss of words to describe it. And it was so bad that I still can't figure out the punch line. After we left Carnivolution my friends and I decided to take the evening to their backyard and chill with some beers. Since they did it the last time I volunteered to make go on ahead and pick up a six pack at a nearby spot. Unfortunately the closest spot to the Tiberino Museum had so much shady activity going on outside of it that I decided to go nowhere near the inside. and that's what bought me to Cavanaugh's in the first place. 

Upon first glance it didn't seem horrible, and just seemed like your typical 3 star college bar with a decent selection of take out six packs. But the exchange that I had at the bar when I tried to pick up my six pack was hands down the WORST that I ever experienced. After waiting by the bar for a good 4 minutes with a six pack and $ to pay for it clearly visible I had to put up with the same 3 female bartenders looking right at me and walking by totally ignoring me, and a guy who clearly looked to be in another world of busy. I was tempted to leave by then, but it was past 1:40 am by then, and the last thing that I wanted to do was risk arriving empty handed, so I put up with the bull crap. Finally I caught the guy who looked to be in another world of busy standing by another register. So I made my way over thinking that it was where I had to pay all along, and the bartenders were just bitches who didn't feel like telling me. But as I got there, found out that the register was closed for the evening, and watched the guy use the previous register to get my change, I realized that they were just bitches who chose to flat out ignore me. To add insult to injury, as I was watching this horrendous exchange unfold, a polite server was kind enough to come up and inform me that I could have just paid for my six pack by the bar. Thanks Cinderella, now maybe if you could just deliver that memo to your evil step twins (maybe that's the punchline.). 

I realize that getting a six pack isn't much of a basis to form an opinion of a place. But if it can make such a simple exchange so damn complicated then I have no desire to find out what else they're capable of screwing up. epic fail Cavanaugh's. EPIC FAIL!