I've been living in the area for over 5 years now and have spent many nights eating and drinking INSIDE the Tap Room without issue (besides the surly female bartender).  My group of friends has had 20+ people crowded around 3 tiny tables inside without a peep from a bartender, a waitress, or a manager.

But OUTSIDE on the patio is a apparently a totally different place.  We arrived a bit past 8pm with a group of 4 and 2 more coming.  We were told we couldn't be seated outside even though there were plenty of free tables (4 tops) because the young male host told us we couldn't bring over extra chairs and they only have 1 table for groups (it was occupied).  

2 of our group weren't planning on staying long so we just took the 4 top and sat down.  Then the 2 more people we were expecting arrived and must to our surprise the host brought over extra chairs saying, "I don't really care if you sit here, they aren't my rules."  Kudos to you guy for knowing how to make paying customers happy.  You're the only one at the Tap Room last night who did the right thing.

Our waitress apparently hated us from the word go.  Again, it was well past the dinner hour for a Wednesday night (nearly 8:30 by now) but 2 of us ordered dinner and 2 ordered apps/sides, we all ordered drinks.  She then informed us in an incredibly rude way that she would only be bringing us the ONE round of drinks because we hadn't all ordered entrees.  Really?  Do they not understand that a bar bill can get a lot higher a lot quicker than a dinner bill?  When she brought our drinks she SLAMMED them down on the table making it even more clear she was not happy with us.

The food is ok, I had a burger and they do a decent burger.  The fries are good but they aren't so good that they should come with a heaping side of attitude.  

Another, unexpected friend stopped by and pulled up a chair.  I could see the waitress nearly having a fit in the corner when she saw this happen.  He asked for a glass of water (he doesn't drink at all) and she replied with, "I'll have to ask my manager."  She went and got the manager, I saw her talking to the woman and pointing at us.  The manager NEVER came to talk to us, the waitress just came back and said she couldn't serve a glass of water because we were "over the limit of the table and a safety hazard".  A "safety hazard"?  We're on a patio outside, if a fire should start I'm pretty sure we can get away quickly.  Why are we a "safety hazard" with 7 at a 4 top table outside but we aren't a "safety hazard" with 20+ people around tiny bar tables inside?  

Needless to say we were not very happy that our very un welcomed group was forced to give the waitress an 18% tip.  She certainly did not deserve one, she hardly did anything other than give us a bad time.  

I get that the Tap Room's management came up with these policies and left it up to the servers to enforce them and while I think they are idiotic I think we were more offended by the waitress's incredibly nasty attitude towards us.  Had she said, "look I'm sorry but these are the rules..." and been nice about it we wouldn't have had an issue.  I also think the manager, since they obviously had such an issue with us, should have come over.

I'm not naive enough to think that my review is going to change a darn thing, it's summer and the Tap Room is one of the few places in Princeton with a patio.  And I get that they likely don't want to be a place where people just go for drinks leaving diners no tables to sit at but I think they are being very short sighted.  Leave say half the tables opens for diners during dinner hours and half for just people wanting drinks.  You know what?  People drinking are very likely to order food!  Then once it gets past "dinner time" open it all up to whatever.  A&B gets this, Witherspoon Grill gets this, and now guess who is getting our business?  

Had things gone a bit better at the Tap Room last night perhaps we wouldn't have left and taken our group of 7 to the Witherspoon Grill where they didn't mind if we sat on the patio and ordered just drinks.