I usually really like Legal's. I know, it's so 'standard' and whatever else people say about it but I really like some of their combos and I've always had fresh tasty seafood from them, so in general, I like Legal Seafoods.

This particular one, however, I don't like very much at all especially compared to others I've been to. The ones in Copley and the Pru are the ones I would usually go to instead, but since we were in the area, needed a late lunch and most other places were closed, and were craving seafood, this seemed like a viable option.

Firstly, I can't quite place why, but this one just feels so much more 'suburban chain-like' than the others. It just doesn't have the charm of many a place in Harvard Square, and it just feels more... I dunno, just full of soccer moms or families with squealing children. Which is fine for them of course, but I personally prefer more of the mix of young professionals, more elderly people and yes, even some tourists, at the other locations. I can't explain exactly what it is but this location just felt so much more depressing.

Anyway, that's not why I was a little miffed with this location. There was nobody at the welcome desk when we came in, and after hanging around for a while there, the hostess bustled up and greeted us briskly without a warm welcome and smile. I know, I always say I'd prefer polite over fake-friendly and she wasn't blatantly rude or anything, but this didn't even feel pleasantly welcoming at all.

Then the orders. We were kept waiting for things longer than I expected compared to my other Legals experiences. Since we were sat on a table that was more out of the way, it was really hard to get someone's attention. My grilled salmon came out kind of overcooked and dry. My asparagus was a bit overcooked too. And I noticed after I dug my fork in that my lemon-chive butter was missing. When I finally got the waiter's attention to ask for it, he came reporting back that the kitchen had run out so that's why I couldn't have it. 

That is NOT okay! I felt bad 'shooting the messenger' because it wasn't the waiter's fault and he was really nice, but when the kitchen runs out of something and you can't complete an order (esp. with a sauce!), the customer must be told! They should have come back before bringing our food out to tell me that they'd run out of the sauce, and then to see if I wanted to change my order or perhaps substitute another sauce. They should *not* have sent it out sauceless, my order incomplete, and let me figure that out on my own and just say 'we ran out, sorry.' It just felt like they were saying 'deal with it. Eat your dry overcooked fish.'

From now on, if I want Legals, I'm sticking to the Copley/Pru locations and avoiding the one in Harvard if possible. At least there my fish comes out flaky and tasty not dry and bland.