The Laundry Factory is no longer the clean, friendly laundry facility in Shadyside that it used to be. Its spotless, new interior with its kind employees have been replaced by crass thugs and general filth. Its owner, Gary, enjoys parking in handicapped parking spaces. ((I will attach a picture of him in his car in the handicapped spot later.))

I was a longtime customer of the Laundry Factory until I bought a home 7 months ago. My dryer (Whirlpool Duet, the #1 rated on Consumer Reports!) went on the fritz this week and it's a full week till its repair date. 

So I went back to my old haunt, the Laundry Factory. My, how things've changed.

In the past, I would update the firmware of the wireless router because the internet was constantly going out. The staff were friendly and always grateful and the place was kept super clean.

This time, the staff were new, loud and mean. The floors were not swept and the clientele were themselves obnoxious.

I made a simple request - fulfilled dozens of times in the past - for a simple plastic bag (like a grocery bag, for my delicate on the ride home) . So they (wet) wouldn't get the (dry) laundry wet again. 

As chance would have it, the owner Gary was around. He was mocking customers as I approached the desk, calling them stupid little rich kids who don't know which end is up. I asked him for a bag; he condescendingly mocked me, telling me they sold bags for 75 cents. I patiently explained that the money wasn't an issue; it's the fact those particular bags are porous and polyester. Plastic was what I needed. He wanted 75 cents for a throwaway grocery bag as well. 

I gently told him how often I'd fixed his router. He sneered, saying plugging and unplugging it was no big deal. I explained that I'd updated the firmware and saved him many Comcast visits. He was shocked into momentary silence. I asked if I should have billed him for the repairs. A typical neanderthal business owner, he didn't realize that his clients were kind, or even human. 

The damage was done. As icing on the cake, on my way out, I noticed Gary climb into his van. He'd been there for over an hour. 

In a handicapped parking space.