BOO!!!  HISS!!! 

Oh, how I wish I had looked this place up on Yelp before I dropped off precious pieces of my wardrobe here.

I moved to the Boston area during the last week of December 2008, and being that this dry cleaners is the closest in proximity to my building, I decided it would become "my" cleaners.  To quote Julia Roberts in Pretty Woman .... "Big mistake. Huge."

In early January, I took in seven garments to be cleaned, five to be tailored and cleaned, and a pair of heels that needed freshening up.  I was told everything would be ready one week later.

I went in a week later with my receipt and the girl took, oh, about 25 minutes trying to locate my things.  I was fairly patient for the first ten minutes, but  when she became noticeably frantic and then ASKED ME(!!!!!!!!!!!!) to come back behind the counter and help her look for my things, I started making a scene.  I couldn't believe it.  I was completely dumbfounded.  As I walked up and down the aisles of random people's clothes covered in plastic, I began calculating the cost of the clothes that I would probably never see again and figured I was about to be out $1500.  I can't lie - my eyes started welling up with tears.  I couldn't find my clothes and I demanded that the girl call the owner, who was the one I had dropped off my things with.  She said he was upstairs and ran to get him.  He came down and found my things in five minutes (apparently they had gone out to his other location and come back that morning and was still in the "to be sorted" pile.  Ummm.  It was 2 in the afternoon.  Maybe that should get done earlier in the day?!?!?) -- except I was told one of the pairs of jeans I needed tailored were not ready.  After I told him that this was my first time using his establishment, he said he "didn't want to lose me as a customer" and that he would have the tailor finish the jeans in one hour and there would be no charge.  

When I came back an hour later, the jeans were ready and admittedly, were well tailored.  But, I was also presented with MORE clothes that they had found of mine after I had left the first time.  When I went to pay is when I found out it was CASH ONLY, which always makes me uber suspicious of businesses.  I mean, geez louise, its 2009... pay the merchant fees and get over it.  I ran to the B of A next door to get cash, paid 80 freaking dollars, and left.  When I got home, I discovered two of my sweaters still had the holes in them that I had taken them in for to get repaired and a skirt still had a tear in it.  At that point, though, I didn't want to ever leave anything I owned there again... so, alas, the holes/tear are still there, three months later.  PS The shoes looked just ok...

When I started using Yelp for everything Boston shortly thereafter, I looked up Arrow Dry Cleaners and found that I only had myself to blame for not checking earlier and that you all had told me so.  Live and learn, I guess.