I am writing this review based on the Weyburn location.  I know there are two so this review is not about the other location.  This is by far the worst salon I've ever been to in my life.  I have been to many salons and hair stylists in the past, everything from beauty schools and Supercuts to top celebrity stylists in Beverly Hills.  So I know when I'm going somewhere for a cheaper price I will get what I pay for.  But this was not even worth $1!  I have had two experiences here:  one for color and one for a haircut.

The color experience was bleaching my hair all over.  I understand that bleach damages your hair so there is going to be some breakage no matter what.  Usually on the ends right?  Well the lady who did my hair absolutely drenched it in bleach from root to tip.  Then proceeded to put me under the dryer for over an hour!!!  Setting aside the fact my scalp was on FIRE, she decided to give people haircuts in between and pay NO attention to how long I was there.  The dryer is just to accelerate the bleach to work faster, but not even necessary to get a result.  Well the result was losing about 50% of my hair.  My hair was full and thick, now it's super thin and broken.  I have about 1 inch pieces on the top of my head fried to a crisp!  This is pretty devastating to someone with long hair.   It was about 6 months ago and I am still soaking it in conditioners and keratin treatments.  The damage done to my hair will take about a year to get back to where it was...maybe.  

For the haircut, I just wanted a simple trim of the ends.  Nothing complicated.  Went to a different person this time and first she "washed" my hair shampooing only half of it.  Put the shampoo on, took a phone call, came back and rinsed it.  No scrub at all.  Same with the conditioner.  So my hair was half dirty/half clean.  Did not put a smock on me so my entire shirt was wet.  Did a few snips here and there and took a blowdryer to my hair waving it for about 2 minutes.  So, I left with a drenched shirt, half dried hair, and paid full price for a cut.  I'm not sure why a business would offer a service that's so horrible.  What's the point??