If I could give this place 0 stars, I would. 

I went there with a few friends one night to grab a bite to eat and have a couple of drinks (to celebrate one of their birthdays), maybe get up to the dance floor and enjoy some music and dancing. However, this turned into a very unpleasant night. 

First, the ambiance of the place was not inviting, and I still wonder to this day why we didn't just leave. I've been to dive bars that were better lit and and had tables that were less grimy and sticky. The lighting is especially awful - there's a jarring neon glow coming in from one end of the bar, the recessed light fixtures in the ceiling house ultra powerful bulbs that feel like interrogation lights, and the tables have lamps above them that feel like focused, super bright heat lamps. 

Second, the waitress kept us waiting while tables were open. Then when we finally got seated, it took us about 15 minutes to get her attention so we could order food and drinks. This took another 20 minutes. All this on a slow night. 

After dinner, we moved upstairs to the dance floor, hoping that the music and crowds would be fun. Wrong. The place is a breeding ground for wannabe-gangster, looking-for-a-fight, I'm-so-tough guys. Apparently, management knows this, and they've stationed a bouncer upstairs as well. One of the idiots there actually got into a shoving match with one of my friends: the reason? We were leaving, and the guy didn't want to get up off my friend's coat that he was leaning against. The women there (and in our group) seem to either be scared, or cut from the same cloth. 

Anyway, we finally headed back downstairs to the bar to grab a quick drink before we left. By this point, some of us had had enough and left. I stayed to get a shot for my buddy (the birthday boy), and a couple of beers. I used my credit card, since I was out of cash at that point. Thankfully, no incidents with other patrons or tardiness with the wait staff here - good, right? Wrong. A couple of days later, I check my credit card account: they charged me $45 for 2 Budweisers and a shot of Tequila. And when I called, they wanted to see my receipt so they could reverse the charges. Right, people from the bar usually carefully save their receipts. Wow. 

This was probably the worst experience I've had at any bar, ever. I'm never going back. I suggest you save yourself the pain and go somewhere, anywhere else.