ABSOLUTELY the WORST dental place to go.

Growing up, i never really liked going to dentist because all the drilling and intensity and all, going to this dental center did not help that at all. I still CANT believe how many problems I had with this place.

It all started half an year ago when my wisdom tooth started growing out and i was in enormous pain because my gum was infected because of my wisdom tooth ad wasn't  even able to open my mouth. I made an appointment to get that checked out and they told me after extracting my wisdom tooth, they want me to do a deep clean and then fill up any cavities. Well, great! sounds like a plan! and this is when my miserable life starts. 

teeth extraction - $150
deep cleaning - $340
cavity filling - $38-76 each with insurance pays half. 

Throughout this whole process, I had a time when they spray water all over my face because they have defective/ broken equipment. I had a time when the dentist dropped his equipment on me while picking it up from the tray (even the nurse asked the dentist if he was ok). I had a time when the dentist decided to talk and gossip with the nurse about the songs they were playing or their personal lives or w/es for all i care (honestly, just cause I'm laying there and  unable to talk, doesn't mean i'm dead, it's just so dumb). I had a time when they told me my cavity got worse and charged me twice the amount (might as well as just extract me tooth). I had a time when they wanted me to do the same procedure twice because they forgot to update the system. I had a time when they make my appointment time wrong and blame it on me (their system and appointment card weren't even consistent). And everytime i go there, no matter what time i make the appointment, they always make me wait for another 30-45 minutes before getting into anything. and the front desk girls look so mean and miserable at work, they looked like as i owe them $10000000 or something. I even had a time when they give me parking stickers not enough to cover the time and i had to pay a dollar! (hilarious). 

the last time i went in, i attempted to get a teeth impression for a night mouth guard because my jaw was popping. they talked me into making an appointment by telling me it will be a simple and quick process so i forgot to ask them the pricing of the procedure. upon arriving, they told me it was gonna cost me $425 and the front desk lady even scoffed at me " you didn't even know how much it is and you made an appointment?" REALLY? It's not like you don't know how you guys are, when do you ever tell me anything!? 

while i was in the office, i overheard the front desk talking about how the patients don't tell them anything and made them sound bad. honestly, you ARE horrible. 

from my experience there,  the only true genuine person i met was the japanese nurse, who appreciates and takes care of her patients and treat them as friends. as with the other people in the office, honestly, find another job if you don't enjoy this one so you can stop giving faces to your patients!