It pains me to write this, it really does.  I want everyone to know that while my party and I had what can only be described as an abysmal dining experience last night, the manager did what he could to make it suck less for us.  I'm giving one star as a warning to those who might consider dining here in a similar situation.

What happened, you ask?  We stopped in after the Popped festival, around 9:30 or so on a Saturday night.  Placed our orders, etc.  And after that we'd see our waiter at 20-30 minute intervals.  Every time he'd tell us it would just be a bit longer until the food came out.  After an hour he finally explained that the kitchen was short-staffed.  Hoo boy.  I ordered a big azz margarita to ease the pain - this too, took at least 20 minutes to get to me.

Did I mention the restaurant was not crowded when we came in, or even when we placed our order?

ONE AND A HALF HOURS after we'd placed our order, we got our food.  Several of the orders were wrong.  My friend ordered plain wings and received spicy, seasoned wings.  Another ordered a buffalo style burrito and received a regular burrito with no seasoning.  We ate because we were famished from working the festival all day w/o food, and because we were afraid that sending it back would mean we wouldn't get any food until they were ready to close the joint.

So, when the waiter came back to check on us, I asked to speak to the manager.  I was told he was in the kitchen.  (Was he cooking the food himself, since they were short-staffed?  Who knows.)  But he came by, was exceedingly apologetic, and said our bill would be half price.  When I told him about the orders that were wrong, he offered to take those off the bill completely.  Before he left, we had to inform him that the toilet in the ladies' room was overflowing.  

All in all, it was a huge disappointment, but I'm sure it was worse for the manager.  And to his credit, he did what he could to make us feel better.  I'll come back, probably, but only for the drinks.