I gave this place 3 shots before I crossed it off my list and filed it under, 'I would rather swallow a whole jar of angry bees, mixed with shards of glass, then set foot back in that place'.

Yes, the service is below par - WAY below. Slower than a dying snail.... But, that wasn't the kicker that did this place in.... What sealed the deal was when the manager insulted my group (of clients mind you) for trying to add 1 extra chair to our table. We were on the front patio, I had my corporate credit card, we were going to settle in for a night of serious fun and celebrate Friday properly... When all of a sudden, this thin, pale tiny man came shrieking from behind me, holler something about some BS fire code law, and about how 'HE' would be personal fined a $1,000 if the Fire Marshall came, because we were 'blocking' the entrance back into the restaurant....

First, let me say.... Who the hell would go back into the dang restaurant if it was on fire - if they were already OUTSIDE, seated on the patio? Yep - No one would... Secondly, why would he be fined PERSONALLY? Yep - he wouldn't.... 

I tried to make nice-nice with the 'World's Angriest Shrieking Manager' and go along with his little 'fire-law' game....And, so I gathered up my CLIENTS, told them we were no longer 'allowed' to be outside and we had to come in (like they were 5 yr olds and I was their bossy babysitter)...and then all hell broke lose - This Man made such a major deal with our 'relocation'...Rolling his eyes, shrieking at me (I mean, he was seriously SHRIEKING, like a little school girl), he made such a giant spectral that I was actually mortified for others who had to witness this mess...My clients and I WERE the ones apologizing....

Needless to say, we took our happy asses (and our $1,500 bar tab) down the street to Cypress Pint! 

Tip for ownership: Tell your staff to loose the elitist attitude before ALL of your Corporate customers bail....And take our clients and our expense accounts  else where...

PS. This is my FIRST bad review I have ever written....and I gave you 1 star SIMPLY because I had to give it to you in order to post this....It would have been 0 stars if it was up to me...

GOOD LUCK