2.50 stars.  As I said to another individual of Indian descent that reviewed this restaurant, it is a shame that the noble concept of serving both North and South Indian cuisine on the same buffet does not yield a better product.  In fact, Tiffin is far from a shameless assault to Indian food in the manner of a place like Merzi, and rather forward minded in a somewhat admirable manner.  Still, the mostly insipid results are from from inspiring.  
  
There is at least one relatively positive experience that can be had at Tiffin and that is their preparation of masala dosas (think a thin, usually crispy, crepe style pancake filled with turmeric seasoned potatoes).  While the masala dosa  is definitely one of the better ones I have had in the DC area, it suffers from being served on the buffet.  What might have been a perfectly crisp dosa loses its firm texture and sadly can morph into an ultimately unsatisfying breakfast item.  Also, the dosas themselves are quite small but frankly, I actually like this derivation from the traditional preparation.  If you get the dosas when they first arrive, they are quite tasty especially when paired with the light green coconut chutney.  I'd suggest waiting for a fresh batch.  It's the best part of the Tiffin Sunday buffet experience.  

As for the rest of Tiffins' buffet, I didn't really enjoy any of the other offerings.  A pumpkin/potato veggie combination provided little kick, the chicken korma eschewed heavy cream and was downright watery, and the goat curry used cheap, tough sections of meat (which might gain some authenticity points, but I rather enjoy tender goat instead of an unnecessarily engaging in an experience akin to grawing for hours on an Everlasting Gobstopper).  

Tiffin isn't awful, but I can't say it was an enjoyable experience either.  I'd suggest trying the other Indian restaurants in this area of town unless you are craving both traditional veggie and non-vegetarian options at the same Indian restaurant.  In that case, Tiffin might be your only reasonable option.