They say you can always tell a Harvard man; you just can't tell him much. One thing they do know however, is that there are some things dad's Amex Black card can't buy, and for those things there's dad's Bank of America ATM card, linked to a portfolio of financial assets which include an interest-bearing, yet somehow tax-sheltered, trust fund. In short: CASH.

Harvard men know that cash is the duct tape of upper class society (actual duct tape is still the duct tape of lower and middle class society). Fortunately, the magic walls of this lobby can dispense enough cold, crispy, oddly-fake-looking new American dollar, dollar bills to patch up your proverbial Titanic, no matter what iceberg Ivy League life sends floating your way. Whether you want a little crush-n-snort "study break" in the Widener bathroom, or need to retroactively re-brand a minor bout of "date rape" into just another "crazy Wellesley party", cash can make that happen.

While even China realizes that US currency is a worthless fiat-backed shell game, everyone in Harvard Square is too busy downloading new Twitter apps for their iPhones to notice or care. Businesses in the 02138 are still surprisingly willing to accept greenbacks in exchange for everything from ironic t-shirts to ...well ...regular t-shirts.

When entering this glass-facaded cathedral, built on fractional-reserve lending, $29 overdraft charges, and the occasional sub-prime loan, one can't help but be awed. I sure as hell can't explain why these ATMs need to be housed a room roughly the size of Hogwarts' Great Hall, but clearly these BoA folks know what they're doing -- they are no AIG, or WaMu or Lehman. No sir. Not these guys.

While you're well-protected inside, you and any attaché should exercise caution when exiting with your new Benjamins. The hundred or so feet between this swipe-card-protected temple of capitalism and the insular gates of the Yard will test your resolve like no other challenge -- except perhaps that time when you were 13 and you took a fifth of Johnnie Walker Blue Label and dad's J105 out for some night sailing around the Vineyard. Thankfully, as a minor, those records are now permanently sealed. 

Still, the denizens of the Square, buskers, communists, and filthy activist-bloggers, know that you now hold on your person the very fuel by which the social injustice machine purrs along, and they will stop at nothing to deprive you of it. Begging, propaganda, cardboard signs, more begging, and the occasional mutilated Bob Dylan song are only a few of the weapons in their considerable arsenal. Avoid eye contact and walk briskly across Mass Ave. 

These people are not your problem.