The crowd? A little too drunk but in a good mood nevertheless.  The music?  Pretty awful, but the little band was into their thing and I had a hard time at least not smiling in an "A-for-effort" kind of way.  The bartenders?  Incapable of cracking a smiling or even exhibiting a sense of decency.  These girls are obviously under the impression that being on the somewhat attractive side (we're talking maybe a 7, possibly an 8 after several shots) makes up for their extremely ugly personalites.  Absolutely, intolerably unprofessional.

As a bartender, how I am treated at a bar makes or breaks the decision on whether or not to come back.  I will not be back here.  The disorganized bartender who served me was downright rude, and I hadn't even ordered a real drink since I ordered the frozen screwdriver which (hold your breath!) requires that the bartender (ready?) *turns around, pulls a lever on a machine, and serves it*!!  I could not believe that she couldn't even pretend that she even remotely liked her job.  (Tip: if you don't like your job, QUIT. Or at least pretend you like it, but don't spread your misery like the Bar Grinch).   She didn't tell me the price of the drink when she served it (a bartending no-no unless you are on your first or second day of the job and still don't know the price list), and I had to wait until she had walked to the other end of the bar, served someone else, and then graced me with her presence long enough to tell me "$5.25."  Not, "that'll be $5.25 please," no please at all, in fact.

So I hand her $6, expect that she will come back with my 75 cents, and I will give her a buck as a tip.  Normally I over-tip, but she was rude and I was going to give her the minimum allowable amount that I can still feel good about myself at.  (For all those out there who don't know how to tip: it's a dollar a drink.  A beer is a drink, even out of a bottle.  If you don't have the money for that, stay home).  Anyway, she never came back with my 75 cents!!  Excuse me, but whether or not she thinks she deserves my money, she owes me the right to make up my own mind about whether or not to tip her.  Of all the presumptuous, arrogant, entitled bartenders I have ever run into (and I know a lot of them), this was a first.  I have never, *ever* had someone not bring my change back to me.  I am appalled that the management wouldn't put an immediate nix on this type of behavior.

So let it be known to service people out there: be friendly.  If you can't be friendly, find a job where you don't have to be.  My friends and I are great tippers, but we expect common decency in exchange.  Your smile, your care, is what will keep us coming back again.  We will not be back to Volcano, and if you are a fan of being treated like a human being, this is not your spot.