It finally dawned on me today, what building the Stata Center has always been suggesting to me, if perhaps in a subconscious way: The Winchester Mystery House in San Jose, California.

I visited the WInchester House with my sister and niece in 1973 and, at that time, was amazed at all of the weird things that had been built into it. The story goes, that Mrs. Winchester (the widow of the rifle manufacturer) was convinced by her personal psychic, that in order to ward off hostile spirits, she needed to keep her house under construction 24 hours a day.

The result is a structure that never looks finished, has strange shaped rooms that waste space and serve little purpose, and lots of useless staircases that lead nowhere at all. (Sound familiar?) Oh, and there's the tourist gawkiness factor too; trolly busses, duck tours, etc., all slow down for people to stare at the strange place.

As a kid, I was rather dismayed to see that while Mrs. Winchester obviously had paid a lot of money for the high-end materials and construction techniques that were used, she didn't get a very good value because everything was so impractical.

Such is the case for many features of the Stata Center. I've always felt a similar dismay when exploring it's Winchesteresque staircases. They look impressive, and sometimes even inviting. But if you actually take the stairs to see where they go, they never seem to lead anywhere useful.

There is a system of useable staircases in the Stata Center, but they are practically hidden, out of the way and difficult to find amidst the confusing layout on all floors except the parking garage (see pictures).  As a result, everyone uses elevators to go from floor to floor. By contrast, the staircases of Building 46 across the street are very well utilized and are in fact a common place where passing friends say hello to one another.

Also in common with the Winchester House is the Stata Center's eternal "non finished" look. But with the Stata Center, it was intentional. The interior furnishings have a "Home Depot" look to them, like uncompleted projects of rough lumber and industrial hardware. Even the canopies over the street entrances look like temporary pieces of non-matching sheet metal.

Only the first floor corridor of the Stata is a successful common space; with few exceptions, the many balconies, outside terraces and problematic amphitheater are seldom used by anyone.

The Stata center does have some gorgeous classrooms and lecture halls, and the laboratories housed within are as notable as any at MIT. Another plus is that some windows can actually be opened for natural ventilation.

Perhaps the most practical features of the Stata Center are hidden out of sight underground. On the basement level is the main receiving dock for this part of campus. Packages from UPS, etc. are delivered there en masse, sorted, and delivered by MIT facilities employees to individual labs and offices. This level also connects to MIT's underground tunnel system via Building 26 and now, Buildings 76 and 68. Below the basement level are two additional subterranean parking levels where hundreds of cars park each day. It's the best parking garage on campus, especially in the winter.

Love it and/or hate it, the Stata Center is definitely one of the more interesting buildings at MIT. I wonder if Mr. Gehery ever visited the Winchester Mystery House?

(Oh wait.... on that 1973 trip to California, I also went to the Santa Cruz Mystery Spot. It's harder to explain than the Winchester House, but anyone who's been there probably knows what I'm thinking...)