Shiva, the Hindu god of destruction.  This restaurant has been around a long time in West University.  Almost one of the first true Indian restaurants in Houston, it has survived, undestroyed, for a long time.  The problem is that it has remained almost unchanged.  The food has neither been updated to keep up with the influx of truly delicious authentic Indian food, nor has the interior changed.  I am not sure if it the same surly group of cranky waiters who view customers as an interference with their other duties - whatever they may be - but ,as a client in the restaurant, you are certainly left alone to do at your table what you wish between long intervals of service, such as it is, provided by the marginal wait staff.  I can imagine a  human sacrifice at the table can be finished and cleaned before you get your water refilled.

Aside:  When looking at all of the art on the wall, is it my imagination that all of the artistic representations of Shiva look decidedly like Indira Gandhi?

Food, a solid C.  The buffet lunch is value priced and it should be.  Oftenonly an iceberg lettuce salad with radishes,  a curry dish, a vegetable dish, a thin dal soup, rice, rice pudding, chutney, papadam and na'an, it is really not worth the $10 or so charged for it. 

Also, I believe this is one of the buffet places in Houston that uses the evil spice additive called Heeng/asafoetida, which has virtually no flavor but makes you feel so full after one plate you could not possibly eat another bite; this saves the restaurant money because patrons don't eat so much.  And it makes the patrons bloat like a balloon and explode in most unattractive ways privately later.  In old medical lore, it was considered an anti-flatulent, but in French, it is called merde du diable (the devil's shit), so imagine how powerful it can be.  Not pretty.  A meal of 1,000 chilis is nothing compared to this experience.

And, while not forced to valet park - a blessing in Houston - parking is so scarce and terrible in the congested West U area that, by the time you actually do find a parking space, $10.00 valet might have been worth it.

Beware the Kheer (Rice Pudding) heavily laden with rosewater.

Shiva is yet another restaurant that remains in business despite itself.  I am hard pressed to think of a reason to return unless collegagues choose to eat there and I have no choice.