On 7/13 after the gym the heyna and I go in to grab a quick meal replacement to make use of our BOGO coupon. people are standing around as usual waiting for their order but on this occasion, signal to leave #1, everyone was upset and all looking at the same cashier. its my turn to order and i begin with a pomegranate paradise and she wants a orange something or other, as i finish stating my second drink order the cashier has not even punched in the first one and she asks me to repeat, that was sign #2. as she struggles to touch a screen i decided to throw her for a loop! i added extra mango but not blended, on top (try it you'll love it). the already blank stares turn to terror as if i just asked her to spell her own name (it was storehitshsr snbasndb, or something like that). she stops and asks for help on how to do that...sign #3. 

Now if you have ever been to a jamba you have most likely experienced the natalie portman character (SNL) you know the bubbly excited-to-work-here-i-love-my-life jamba employee... well not today. this poor girl seemed like she was tortured and forced NOT to smile, that was sign #4.  so finally she manages to get the order in with the help of another less depressing employee. total was $5.15, i had a gift card courtesy of my lady's employer... so the balance was $.15, now i know its dumb but i had no cash so i handed my card over, and of course it won't take a transaction for 15 cents! at that point i should have left, sign #5 i guess. we get through it though, somehow.

Oh and i almost forgot, this whole time there is a small woman (I left out the nationality because it neither adds nor takes away from this particular story) behind me whispering obscenities to herself about how late she was and how awful jamba is, yeah sign #6

Finally we are the only 2 left in the place and our order is up, i love how they still yelled my name super loud. the saddest little jamba employee hands me a cup and notices she forgot  the mango on top. she adds literally 4 pieces of mango to the drink (which she charged me for) and they immediately sink into the cup. now you and i know that a pomegranate paradise should be thick enough to hold those mangos up, and yes that was sign #7.

I take a drink against all instinct and feelings. i threw the drink away on my way out and didn't want to chance asking for another. So what did i learn from this experience? you tell me, feel free to comment :D