Came here to celebrate my first 1 year without a cigarette, YAY for me right. I was referred here from my boss as she comes here often and enjoys the food. I made reservations for 6:30 on a Tuesday night. As we walked in the decor is very nice and welcoming. I order a 1/2 crafe of their Chanti house wine, it was tasty. We ordered a order of their classic calamari for a app, it looked like all of the other calamari's I have order nothing special. Their marinara was really thin, not a big hit in my book so I just eat the calamari with a squeeze of lemon on it. The bread for the table was good, fresh and warm. They serve it with garlic butter and olive oil with balsamic vinegar, that too was really good. As for my entree I wanted veal and I was torn between 2 veal dishes. They were Cotolett Alla Paolino, which was veal cutlet topped with ricotta, prosciutto, eggplant, tomato sauce with mozzarella cheese. The other veal dish was Seallopine Rollatini which was medallions veal rolled with prosciutto and mozzarella cheese sauteed with fresh mushrooms simmered in marinara sauce. So when the server came over I asked her which one is more popular she said both are good sellers. I picked the Cotolett Alla Paolino because I wasn't in the mood for mushrooms. All the dinner come with a house salad whiched I didn't want so I order the Italy wedding soup for an extra charge. The soup came out and I took 1 spoon full of it and I didn't like it at all. The escarole was really hard and wasn't cooked long enough at all and the little tiny meatballs didn't taste right either. So I had my wife taste it and she said the same thing. I called the server back over and said I didn't like the soup and I didn't want it. She asked me if she should tell the cooks what was wrong with it and I told her the escarole was way too hard and not cooked enough. So you would think being in a nice restaurant like this they would have no problem taking it off the bill, well they didn't, that I will get into later. My entree came out and it was really good, everything was cooked perfectly. I was hoping their sauce wasn't like their marinara sauce and it wasn't it was really good. My sister in law order the other Veal dish I wanted and just like I suspected, way too many mushrooms on the dish, but the veal itself was nice and tender. My wife ordered the All' Alfredo del Mare, which was sauteed shrimp, scallops and crab meat tossed in fresh cream and romana cheese. It was way to fishy smelling for me, I think the crab meat killed that dish. The scallops were good though. For dessert we split a piece of their chocolate peanut butter pie, that was average nothing to jump over the moon over. When the bill came I was sort of surprise to see the soup on it, I called over the owner I believe and explain to her what had happen and she had no problem taking it off the bill. The think that got me upset was while my wife was coming back from the rest room she over heard the owner and hostess talking about me and how I was complaining about the soup. UNBELIEVABLE! Not professional at all . I will NOT be coming here again just because of that!  I am only rating it 2 stars becuase my entree was good