Let me tell you why to not order from here and therefore save yourself a headache: I was a Maid of Honor for a wedding about a month ago, and I was so disappointed in this place. I wouldn't recommend to any friends. I would think after dropping over a $1000 for 5 bridesmaids and thousands for the Bride's dress, I would expect more. They measured us and told us what size we should order, using the largest size we measured at to order. I was a size 16 at largest, 12 at smallest. When I tried to order the 12, they insisted that it wouldn't fit. They told me that I needed to order the 16, but I argued until they ordered a 14. I lost 15 pounds and went down ONE pant size over the next few months, went back to try on the dress and FIT INTO AN 8! Half the size they wanted me to order! All the other bridesmaids, not just myself, had dresses that they were swimming in. When we asked why the dresses were not correct to size, the associate said that this brand runs really big. When we questioned why that was not brought to our attention when ordering, she said that the store wants a dress that can be taken in and fixed (whereas a too-small size would need to be re-ordered), so they don't mention it. We accused them of ordering large dresses so that we have to use their seamstress, so they told us that the alterations would be $20 at most. We were all pinned more than a month before the wedding. The bride has 3 appointments leading up to the wedding, which were all cancelled by the seamstress running late. The seamstress also didn't measure or mark things, so the dress didn't fit and she put holes in the specially ordered lace and made a plunging neckline in a dress when the bride had asked for a piece of the beading to be removed in the center of the neckline. This was one week before the wedding! The poor bride had to deal with all of this! And they charged her over $100 for a custom made jacket that didn't fit and had holes and was just unwearable, which she refused to pay due to her inconvenience. They did rescind those charges. One bridesmaid came in a week before to try on her dress she had fitted a month earlier- and there were still pins in it. No alterations had been done at all. I came in a week before and my dress didn't fit still. The staff said that it was fine until the bride grabbed fistfuls of my bodice material and demanded it be re-pinned. So it was. I came in a few days later and it was still not done, the hem was too high (I had to change my shoes for ones with a shorter heel, and the floor length gown still came to my ankles). They said that I had to pay for the alterations in order for anything else to be done. They charged me $65.00! When I mentioned that we were told no more than $20, they replied, "I have no idea why you would have been told that. It's $65.00." The next day I came in with the bride. The real in-house seamstress looked at the dress, said that it was unacceptable (the bodice was sewn on one side but not the other, the bust was gaping, the train which we had a bustle hook made for had been sewn into the dress, so only half the train was on the ground). I was upset and stressed and requested that I not pay for alterations on a dress I was embarrassed to wear. The seamstress said that she would talk to the owner. She did fix my dress as well as the other dresses done by the other seamstress in less than 10 hours, but I still had to pay for those alterations and was never contacted about the inconvenience of having to keep coming back (especially the day before the wedding) and being given false alteration quotes to subdue us. Compare this to how David's Bridal/ Men's Warehouse told our groomsmen that they would wave charges if things were incorrect, and I feel as if we made a mistake in our choice of retailer.