I had heard about this carnival over the years and I was intrigued at the fact I had the opprotunity to get VIP tickets via Yelp had intirgued me even more.  Unfortunately, I was not a lucky winner in the tickets.

But alas, I ended up getting 2XGA tickets the morning of the event (still $40+4 at the time).  I mean, who doesn't wanna try out "hard to find" beers (a reason for those quotations, exlpanation later)??

Approaching Atlantic Station around 3:30, traffic was a mess (everyone kept going to same entrance, not realizing there are 10+ entrances to the garage around the premises!)- but came with an easy fix- take Maket to 16th and sneak on in- Voila!  We got front row parking and avoided all of the traffic/pedestrians/police.

It was cold as shit. Let me rephrase that- it made Navy Boot Camp during the winter (which is on Lake Michigan) feel like a summer in the Sahara- it was THAT WINDY at times.  I wore a hat, and jacket, but I should have brought gloves.

After all of the check in process, you are free to go in and play.  The event was hosted this year in the side parking lot at Atlantic Station (which they now dub the "Special Events Area").  There was a tent in the middle, and random appendages throughout (I would assume a an overhead shot of the carnival would be comparable to JFK Airport).   

There were a lot of pros here, but unfortantely, more cons.  Crowd control in the main tent was my biggest issue.  Since it was so windy and cold, everyone seemed to pile up in the main tent, which made it very difficult to navigate and see what there was to offer (I even heard rumors of a Yelp booth??!).  After 3 hard fought loops, we still were not able to experience everything in the main tent.

For an extra 20$, you had access to an hour early entry and another area to freeze your ass off, that was in the SW corner from the entrance.  

Next to that was the food- IMHO, the best part about the event.  Ormsby's some other place, and Ri Ra's had items for purchase.  The guinness brat from Ormsby's was excellent, and the Fish and Chips from Ri Ra's were simply the best I ever had (I wish I were scarastic, this is not BS!)- I will have to go back to Ri Ra's and check it out- same with Ormsby's (Which is nice- close to the Wine Shop I frequent often).  There was plenty of seating around to eat.

On the other side of the main tent were the restrooms and the SweetWater/Terrapin/PBR pours.  Then there were 3 wood burning ovens and some other games there too.  

There was even a Ferris Wheel that was just a tease- I didn't see it revolve once!  There was also a slide that got love early on, but faded quickly.

Around 5:30, it seemed like either beer was running low, or people couldn't handle the wind because the place seemed to mellow out quickly... Which sucked since the event was supposed to be over @ 7...  

The last thing I will bitch about is how quickly some of the beers ran out and the types there were.  Yea, there were maybe 1-2 I have not heard of, but these beers are readily available around the city thanks to places like Taco Mac and Cypress ST PnP- so I wasn't really greeted with some knock your socks off brew (I mean where in the hell was Samichlaus, the $17 a 4 pk belgian with a 13%ABV???).  That kind of sucked.

Maybe next year will be better, but @ $44 a ticket, I won't be the one to report back...