I've been to Clover in Harvard Sq. about 3 times now. The first time was when it opened and I had the Chickpea fritter sandwich and a soup. Both of which I remember to be really great and hit the spot. And I've been longing to experience the tastiness since then. However I feel the quality of the food as of late to be mediocre since I've visited this past week during non-peak hours.

The Chickpea fritter sandwich that I got was a pretty hefty size, but the whole sandwich was primarily cold. The balance of the pickled ingredients overwhelmed the fritters. I primarily felt like I got a pickled sandwich and I don't remember tasting anything else. And the bread itself was not warm. And I got an iced coffee which was bland in taste. 

Yesterday I stopped by to get some rosemary fries, but they were also disappointing since they weren't crispy enough and were more on the soggy oily side. And the rosemary flavor only came through when I got through half of the batch, which was very nice yet the soggy texture didn't really help it. I guess the flavorings weren't tossed evenly. And for drinks I got a hibiscus tea, but it was really not amazing enough that I would get it again. It just tasted plain and bitter. 

These last two times I've visited, spaces were not kept entirely clean where I was sitting on the 2nd floor. I mean if you chose a white space as an interior statement, the griminess is just magnified. I also don't understand how they cannot have wifi at all, while they tout themselves to be this techy place. Staff members seem friendly in general but throughout my experience dining here, I feel that I'm at their playhouse rather than feeling like a paying customer. I would remember hearing the music change constantly or come on at different volumes. It just becomes distracting.

There also wasn't a large selection of drinks or other things I feel like they could offer. I remember the food truck at the South Station location had this fried green tomato special, I sure would like to eat that again. I don't know why they don't offer it in the restaurant. I also wish they offered more condiments, just besides ketchup. 

This place has a unique branding of food but my experience leaves something still left to be desired. The idea of experimentation is not reflected in the choices offered on the menu. I mean this place conveys freshness and being on the edge conscientiously, but it doesn't quite get there entirely. I feel like other sandwich/cafe places have such better food or unique ingredients and flavors for customers to indulge. Does everyone else just have the wool pulled over their eyes? I see a few of the same repeated observations in past reviews so I don't know what's being done to enhance the customers' experience. I really applaud the concept and branding, but I feel like the food and the diner experience could be so much more.This place might seem inexpensive but I find it difficult to pay for food that I can only enjoy on a mediocre level.