Last time I ate at Memo's my food came back up to say hello half an hour later. To be fair, I was very drunk and slightly stoned at the time, but then again, I wouldn't have stepped into this place had that not been the case. I had a chorizo burrito that consisted entirely of eggs and greasy chorizo; it seemed good while I was eating it, though I wasn't in the best condition to judge food quality. 

The first time I ate here I was walking home after working a morning shift under full sun with a hangover and no breakfast. The place had just opened and so I stumbled in looking for sustenance after being handed a coupon out  front. I remember that the place was literally completely empty and that the guy at the counter seemed intensely happy to see me. I got a burrito with only eggs and potatoes in it, and wolfed its tasteless, greasy goodness with the supplied green and red salsas in my trashed apartment.

The experience of eating at Memo's is bound up inextricably with the consumption of alcohol. I have a pet theory that the name is short for memories, because eating here seems to be more memorable than it ought to be considering that alcohol is always involved. Kind of a stupid theory but make of that what you will.

I've never had food here that I would consider "good". Sometimes it hits the spot, sometimes it's just plain bad. The chicken here is tough, dry, and bland. The burritos are about 50% tortilla. The meat is perpetually grisly and the prices aren't that cheap. On the other hand, the service is friendly, they're always open (though there are several places nearby open til 3am and you're a fatass for eating after that), and the free salsa/salad next to the cash register is crack (carrots, cilantro, onion, jalapeno). If you get anything here, I'd go for the adobada torta (or is it torta adobada? I should've taken more Spanish), which is little nuggets of marinated pork with fresh cilantro on surprisingly good bread.

I also kind of like the rowdiness of the place when it gets packed late at night. It's never threatening, just kinda of fun, inside the door at least. Out front can be a little sketchy. Anyway, if you haven't yet and you go out nearby you'll probably wind up here whether you want to or not, so good luck.