The care you receive here is a five for sure - as are the facilities overall. But their billing is horrific.  Being overcharged is a real possibility every patient should be prepared for, and their billing customer service is sooooooo unhelpful. I've spoken to them on three different occasions and I might as well have been speaking to a brick wall each time 

Beware! Hold on to all of your paperwork, and be prepared to fight a long fight when the bills come. It may be kosher at first, but be prepared for some serious miscalculation as the process goes on. And don't think because you paid a bill that you are done with it. Another bill can come for the same treatment months and months after you already paid. You would think because you are working with one of the best health care centers in the world that the billing will be as good as the treatment. Not so!

I had a biopsy at Regan in Aug. of 08, after several appointments in UCLA Medical Plaza. I received a bill for my portion of the charges for the biopsy in Sept. of 08 and promptly paid. I never heard another word from UCLA Medical until  April of 09 - almost 9 months after the treatment at Regan, which was my last contact with UCLA Health Care. This time I received a new bill for Regan visit, which stated I owed $390 for this Aug. 08 visit and had never paid anything on my portion of the charges! There was no itemization of the bill, and thus no justification of charges, but the new bill clearly stated that ht patient had paid nothing on the biopsy treatment to date. Customer Service is not helpful -  all they did was accuse me of making out the check to the wrong institution. As a student at UCLA for almost a decade, I know all payments to UCLA of any kind are made out to the UC Regents, who have officially robed me blind. I have no idea how this will every be worked out, but I will start by physically taking the canceled check to Regan next week. Of course, I will have to miss work to do this. Grrrrr!

What is the point of great health care, if the billing sends my blood pressure and cortisol levels through the roof?