I am a current USC student, so I was incredibly excited when this place opened. The decor, while unremarkable, is nice and generally clean. It is a brightly lit spot, with floor-to-ceiling windows that look out on Figueroa Street. My first visit was average, with a longer-than-average wait time for both my food and the check but above-average dish (the Skirt Steak sandwich). However, my second visit was another story.

I was part of a party of seven and we had already experienced a longer-than-average (maybe 20 minutes) wait for our food, and when our dishes did come out there were multiple mistakes. However, we were just looking for a quick lunch and so we didn't complain or correct. We requested separate checks about 10 minutes later, having finished our meal. Here's where my complaint lies.

Over the course of the next hour, we were presented with no less than three different iterations of our checks, each time with errors (the first time, six of us were charged for our order and 1/6 of our seventh party member's meal; the second, we were all double charged). Our server was apologetic the entire time and clearly over his head (he kept claiming that their system was malfunctioning, but several other tables sat down, ordered, ate, paid, and left while we were experiencing this breakdown). Once we approached the manager about the problem (now roughly 90 minutes into this experience), he tersely apologized and took another 15 minutes before the problem was resolved, during which time he gave a short speech about how he was sorry but the system was having trouble handling our "very large check", which ended up being all told just under $60 (we gave up on trying to split it). At no point were we offered any sort of compensation, such as a free meal, free dessert while we waited, or even some kind of certificate for a free meal and chance for redemption in the future.

Now, I understand that they're still working out some kinks, but the way they handled this situation was unacceptable and unprofessional. It was a struggle within our group to even tip. I will not be returning; the Lab down the street, or maybe the Freebirds on the corner, or even the Subway next door all offer more enjoyable, expedient dining experiences. My advice to the owner would be this: ensure your servers know how to use the payment system, and above all find a new, more capable manager; there's a McDonalds just up Figueroa where you can probably find one and stage a hiring coup.