I was pretty disappointed in the Campus Center when it opened. USC got rid of the main eatery (The Lot), which offered Wolfgang Puck, Red Mango, a sub place, and a few other options, and "replaced" it with the Campus Center cafeteria. It was a really sad replacement, though. It is far too small and offers only four choices of food vendors (one of which is a Coffee Bean, which doesn't even really serve food.) Inside seating is not nearly enough to accommodate the thousands of kids in a desperate search for food and the lines alone are a good half an hour wait. We honestly just don't have the time to wait in line for 30 minutes.

Outside seating is alright, but still seems poorly planned. Additionally, they installed no bike racks in their ongoing effort to discourage bike use on campus and achieve their overall goal of making USC a bike-free campus (a horrible decision in and of itself.) There are lines of bikes parked in front of the building (but locked to nothing) and USC is doing a better job of encouraging bike theft rather than discouraging bike use. 

Another really poorly planned issue (in my opinion) is that the bathrooms for the cafeteria are not accessible from the cafeteria itself. You have to walk past a kitchen, go out of an exit door, and enter through a door located on the outside of the building. As an admittedly paranoid person, this makes me really uncomfortable. USC is an open campus in a really shady area and these bathrooms are easily accessible to anyone who wanders onto campus. Not to mention the entrance to the bathrooms is in what is almost an alleyway on campus with relatively low traffic.

The office spaces and meeting rooms I've seen are impressive and have nice accommodations as far as electrical outlets in desks and fancy equipment.

I've heard great things about Tommy's Place (the indoor music venue) but have yet to experience it personally.


Bottom line is that I don't plan on frequenting the Campus Center. Long lines, poor planning, no options. I had high hopes, but this place was seemingly designed with the students' comfort as a lower priority and, as a student, I don't really appreciate that.