WONT BE BACK. - I've never written a review on yelp... but the only reason why I'm writing this review is because of how ridiculous my experience was with Bua Thai tonight. 

1. We waited 20 minutes to be seated.  (No biggie! didn't mind the wait:) )
2.  We were seated in a weird corner/ deserted back hallway of the restaurant next to the bathrooms and employee closet.  so random.
3. We had to ask them to find us two table's that were the same height so our party could have a level eating surface to eat off of.  Didn't think it was a big deal, more common sense... but the waiter acted extremely annoyed.  We (all girls in heels) had to lift the tables ourselves and move them.   (OK at this point, the night was still good! )
4. We wanted to give our waitress a head's-up so we told her we would need a few separate checks, but apparently they don't do that?  (in the end they finally took it but at the moment the waitress was obviously not happy and it showed)
5.  The waitress came to take our order, and was impatient and rude to my friend on  her birthday!  All she wanted to know was about a specific item on the menu.
6. The waitress took our drink and food orders, (Which weren't all right)
7. After we had waited a half an hour they brought out my food, but no one else's food.  I wanted to eat with everyone else, so of course I waited.  Everyone else's food came out in increments of 20 minutes.  By the time we all had our food at the SAME TIME, we were famished:( 
8. During the time that we waited for all the food to arrive, we had to get up from the table multiple times (literally 4 times)  to ask for refills on our water!  It was as if the waitress, and waiters completely forgot we were there? ha ha we were honestly laughing because the service was SO bad!
9.  Upside, the food was good!  I will say I've had better, but it was good:)

Overall, the service was terrible, it took about 2 hours for a meal that could have taken half that time.  The amount of the time wasn't even that big of a deal, I just can't get over how rude the waiters and waitresses were.  The front host even told my friend to "Shush" as she was politely trying to explain to him the different cards we were paying on for the check.  I'm not a picky person, and me and my friends are laid back.... but I've never experienced service like this before. It's really too bad, because the food was good, but I will definitely not be going back.