The Laughing Skull Lounge is a tiny comedy club located inside the Vortex Midtown.  To get inside the lounge, you have to enter the Vortex, walk through the dining area and back into the restroom hallway.  At the end of that narrow hallway is where the entrance to the lounge is.  Strange, but that's how it works.

I went to the Laughing Skull Lounge twice to watch a friend perform some of his first ever stand-up comedy routines.  Tuesday and Wednesday nights are "Open Mic" nights at the lounge.  Doors open at 7:45pm and shows start at 8pm or shortly thereafter.  Tickets are $10 each and the show lasts 2 to 2.5 hours.

Open Mic nights are nights when a bunch of comedians sign up and perform roughly 5-minute acts on stage.  Most of the comics are amateurs and are getting into stand-up for their first time.  If you attend an Open Mic night, more than likely you will see several comics' performing for their first time on stage.  Because of this, you may witness some poor souls bomb.

The nights I went, there were 13 to 15 comics plus the host.  The host was pretty good and interjected humor between each act.  Our crowds were lucky as almost all of the acts were funny, though there were definitely a few bombs and WTF acts.  Be prepared because anything goes.  There were plenty of vulgar and highly offensive jokes to go around.

As mentioned previously, the lounge is tiny.  The room seats only 74 and everyone is nestled closely together.  The front row, which I think may be reserved for "VIPs" only, has a few small tables to set your drinks on.  The other rows consist of small, neatly arranged wooden chairs.  The back of the room is where the bar is, as well as a few staggered benches.

There is a two drink minimum (loosely enforced) and the drinks are strong.  No food is served, so if you plan to eat, plan to grab your meal before or after the show.  The Vortex next door being the most obvious choice for pre or post-gaming.

Street parking and various pay lots and parking decks are located close to the club.  Laughing Skull recommends parking in the AmeriPark lot across the street, which costs $5.  It's the most convenient lot.