When I heard from fellow Yelpers that the burgers at Bocado rival that of my favorite at Holeman & Finch, I knew I had to check it out.  I went with a friend the next evening without a reservation.  Probably not a good idea, especially since it was a Friday night, but the restaurant appeared half empty when we walked through the front doors.  All tables inside were reserved, but we were able to be seated immediately on the patio, which was fine by us.

The burger at Bocado is called the "Bocado burger stack" and it's hard not to compare it to the H&F burger because they are so similar.  Like the H&F burger, the Bocado burger is served with a side of fries and ketchup.  The Bocado burger is similar in size to the H&F burger and uses H&F buns.  However, the buns at Bocado have sesame seeds on them while the burger at H&F does not.  The Bocado burger is also $12 compared to H&F's $10.

OK, enough with the comparisons.  The Bocado burger is a double patty burger with two slices of American cheese, housemade pickles, and a little bit of mayo.  The meat is made from short rib, beef brisket, and organic ground beef.  The cheese melts right into the bun and meat.  The burger is tasty, juicy, and almost melts in your mouth.  It's simply excellent and is indeed a worthy rival to H&F's burger, IMO.  Every bite is delicious.  Creative Loafing named Bocado's burger the best burger in Atlanta in 2010.

I'd like to come back and try other items on their menu.  Their menu is just one page and you can tell they emphasize quality and focus on local ingredients.  The restaurant itself has been open for about a year and a half now.  It's not too large in size, but does feature a bar and, as mentioned above, an outdoor patio.  The interior design is modern and simple.  Our server was friendly and knowledgeable, although service was slow towards the end as business picked up.  The restaurant reached capacity by the time we left around 8pm.

Valet parking is available, although we just parked on 8th St. right next to the restaurant.  Unlike Holeman & Finch, this is more of a sit-down restaurant and not a pub, so reservations are recommended.