Gold's is the best GYM in the area hands down. For the Capital Region this is as good as it gets.

I've been going to the gym with my older brother since I was in the 8th grade when he brought me to the Schenectady YMCA. Since then I've been a member of a handful of different gyms. After I found Gold's though, I stuck with it.

Owned by the famous Lia family (of the Lia auto sales) this chain started out small in our area with only two gyms 5 or 6 years ago. Gold's now has four locations in our area Latham, Niskayuna, Clifton Park and Guilderland.

There's a giant misconception about Gold's...something along the lines of it's a place for  "gaint-super-roided-out too tanned meat heads" and their equally tanned blonde haired bimbo counter parts. 

This is simply NOT true. 

GOLDS IS A GYM FOR PROFESSIONALS. 

At 26 I'm still one of the youngest people working out there. The gym is busy at 5-7am every morning with people working out before they start their day. At night around 6pm the crowd is mostly young 30's to early 40s getting a workout in after work. The other members here are much more mature than any gym I've been to.

There are some meat-head guys from time to time but no more than you'd see working out anywhere else. And while Gold's may not have a "LUNK" alarm ala Planet Fitness; they do have professional staff you can talk to if there is ever an issue or someone is slamming their weights/bothering you.

Another misconception about Gold's is about it's classes, particularly that they don't offer any. Gold's offers a ton of classes like spinning, yoga, aerobics, boot camp, etc. with some really outstanding instructors. Classes are free with membership and you sign up on the day if you want to do a class. I've done the spinning one several times and it was very fun. 

Located in the K-Mart plaza (way down rt. 7 passed the circle); Latham Gold's is quite large(two floors) with ample cardio machines, benches, squat racks, and free weights. There are flat screen TVs all around(especially upstairs on the cardio deck) and the music they play for the most is pretty good. 

The area with the squat racks can get a tad crowded around 6pm on most weekdays. Especially Mondays and Tuesdays...I guess that's because everyone feels guilty about their bad eating on the weekends so they all come at once. haha.

There's a cardio theater where you can hit the treadmill and catch whatever the movie of the day is. The theater is a dark room, with an HD projector and a nice sound system. Sometimes it's nice to go in there and watch a movie because jogging on a treadmill or doing an elliptical can be sooo boring sometimes.

BOTTOM LINE: This is sort of a review of all the Gold's in the area and not particularly Latham. They are all pretty much the same, they all offer outstanding classes like spinning, aerobics, yoga, etc, have plenty of free weights, cardio machines and wide open space so you can get your workout on! 

And oh yea and the members probably aren't who you think!