My fiance and I had my engagement ring made by Ron here and were extremely satisfied. We had some general idea of what we wanted and let him know our budget and the quality of the stone we wanted. He was able to see our vision and made it into a beautiful ring with very modern and simple design that I will love and wear everyday. Ron is truely an artist and you will get the best value, quality, design and service here. After your initial meeting to go over design concepts, he will make a wax mold for you to see what the product will look like. We did not have to wait too long to get the final product (a week or two) after the mold was made and stone was selected. They can also make matching bands that are similar but a little different in style and it'll fit perfectly to your engagement ring. They have since then moved to this near by location now (above and to the right of the the French crepes store), which is closer to the parking lot off Walnut street:

The Collection
732 Filbert St.
Pittsburgh PA 15232 

There are multiple artists that work there and you can see some of their work here on their new website below. There are also some unique and simple styles of rings that you can try on in the store if you need some inspirations. 

http://www.thecollectionpittsburgh.com

I highly recommend you check this place out if you are considering custom made engagement rings or jewelry that's unique and one of a kind. If you have been looking for a perfect ring but haven't found it yet, make an appointment and you'll be very happy that you look into it (it's more effort but definitely worth it!). Ron is extremely experienced and the ring he made us was very comfortable, extremely well made and sturdy. I have got so many compliments on it. It also has a square shaped bottom so it doesn't slide around my finger like regular rings(which is a bonus). Ron's also very friendly and honest with his pricing, no hidden charges. There are no design fee, they charge a percentage of the actual jewelry value. You can also ask them to get an outside appraisal for your insurance as well as go back for checkup and cleaning after you've worn your ring for a few months.