My husband and I went to the Laughing Skull Lounge last night because his mom bought us VIP tickets on Groupon.  Even though I'm a huge fan of the L5P Vortex, I don't usually frequent the Midtown location and had no idea that it had a comedy club until we my husband received the tickets.

The club bills itself as "the smallest full-time comedy venue in the WORLD", and this is not an exaggeration.  It's a very intimate space, and if you have VIP seats like we did, you are so close to the stage that you may get a sore neck from peering upward.  I did, but I'm also kind of an old lady so your mileage may vary.  The small area does make you feel very much a part of the experience, though.  I was really scared that we'd get harassed by the comedians because we were up front (we're shy), but we really didn't.

There's a 2-drink minimum per patron, but it includes soft drinks so that if you're the DD (or pregnant like I am) you aren't totally screwed.  Prices are a little high, at least for the soft drinks, which were all we had - $3 for an 8.5-ounce bottle of Coke - but it's also Midtown, so what do you expect?  

I'm not sure that the two-drink minimum is really be enforced.  There is no table service (and when you see the size of the seating area you'll understand why).  You have to go to the bar in back to order your drinks, and they don't ask for your name when you do.  My husband did say he saw the bartender writing something down when he ordered, so maybe they do keep track of how many drinks are ordered by table number.  Anyway, we're honest people and ordered our two drinks, so I guess it doesn't really matter.

Although the Laughing Skull Lounge hosts many national acts, when we visited last night we saw local comedians.  The show was called "Trey Toler and Friends" and included 10 different Atlanta-area comedians who took the stage for about 10 minutes each.  Most of them were pretty funny, and I have a short attention span so this format worked well for me.  Big love for the nervous, nerdy-seeming 19-year-old male comedian.  He was speaking straight from my heart.

We still have two more VIP passes, so maybe next time we'll keep an eye out for a national comedy act.  I'd also consider coming back again some other time, even if we had to pay for ourselves.  I will never use the phrase "hidden gem" in a review (oops, I guess I just did by saying I wouldn't use it), but Laughing Skull Lounge was a surprising find for us and is well worth a visit.