Of all the places I've reviewed on Yelp, Fruity Yogurt is by far my favorite!!  As a Pton student with a big sweet tooth, I used to be a huge Twist fan, at least until Fruity Yogurt (on Nassau beside CVS) came along.  

Fruity Yogurt wins hands down, and here's why:

COST:
Twist is way too expensive, so I used to go less often for froyo but now that I've tried the lower prices at Fruity Yogurt, I get to satisfy my froyo cravings every week!! :) Ahhh I'm so happy haha.

VARIETY:

There's something for everyone at Fruity Yogurt... it's like Twist but better, more types of fro-yo, more creative flavors, and more depth to the flavors too, and that's just talking about the frozen yogurt.  Honeydew, Coconut, Acai Berry, Tart (SO good, despite being a plain yogurt flavor!), Taro (I can't believe there's Taro in a place like Pton!), Cookies n' Cream, and more... and SO many toppings!

They also serve the best bubble teas I've had here on the East Coast... it's so hard to do well and I'm so impressed! Just try it and you'll know... it's hard to explain. 

Twist only has eight types of fro-yo, and I only like two of them consistently.  No smoothies or slushies or shaved ice desserts or bubble tea or regular teas.  Step it up, Twist!

TASTE:
This is where Fruity Yogurt beats out Twist most of all, hands down.  Fruity Yogurt uses majority yogurt in its recipes, and it's milk-free in all but two flavors (Cookies n' Cream and Green Tea)... this is great and MUCH healthier than froyo that is majority milk-based.  Less preservatives and natural food coloring too! 

I used to be a big fan of Twist but now that I know what the flavors can be like in froyo, I'll never go back unless they change their recipes.

ATMOSPHERE:
At Twist I've sometimes had the displeasure of having to sit near really loud and annoying high schoolers (I guess it's a popular place for them?!) and waiting in line behind these people makes me want to gauge my eyes out.  What's the point of being in a college town if I have to run into obnoxious high schoolers when I'm looking for a relaxing treat?

I like the music at Fruity Yogurt more, and I've never had trouble finding a seat.  I like how Twist has board games and cool art on the walls, but it doesn't overcome the other cons for me.  It would help if Fruity Yogurt had bigger tables and board games, though, so people could hang out.  On the other hand, the majority of its business seems to be people who do takeout.

CUSTOMER SERVICE:
Fruity Yogurt wins hand down.  Twist stole the former cashier at Fruity Yogurt by offering her a manager position.  I saw her working at Twist after being at Fruity Yogurt as the cashier weeks earlier; and that was the last time I went to Twist (I used to go just for the Eurotart flavor).  I spoke to the manager at Fruity Yogurt and mentioned that cashier thing, and she confirmed it.  That's really lame, and one of the main reasons why I would refuse to go to Twist even if Fruity Yogurt somehow moved elsewhere.  

More importantly, the customer service at Fruity Yogurt is AWESOME.  Definitely the best... do befriend the manager and people who make the teas there... they are so much fun and my boyfriend and I ended up talking for twenty minutes with them.  What a pleasure!

THE VERDICT?
Save your money and go to Fruity Yogurt for more froyo variety, better taste, more for your money, and greater dessert and beverage options!  

Check out my other reviews of places in and around Pton! :)