I've been to Dr. Walker's office twice now.

The first visit was for a regular cleaning, which was fantastic. My hygienist (Katie? I'm not sure what her name was) was AWESOME--funny, informative, honest. Walker Dental has digital x-rays, which may seem standard to some people but which was brand new to me! I was so happy to have had such an easy experience after all those years of horrible gag-inducing x-rays! Plus with the digital ones, you can see the results immediately and there's no risk (no lead apron needed, although she put it on because most patients ask for it out of habit!). They also have a spiffy 360 x-ray machine that shows your wisdom teeth, if you have any. The hygienist explained everything she was looking at in my x-rays in minute detail to me, which was both interesting and helpful. Like I said, getting my teeth cleaned was great, and the receptionist, Danielle, is FANTASTIC. She is so sweet and understanding!

I gave 4 stars instead of 5 because of Dr. Walker himself. He's a nice guy and he's really chill, but I think perhaps he's a bit TOO chill and a bit presumptuous, in that he assumed I knew all kinds of things and made me go out of my way to ask questions (or, when I forgot, to Google things at home later)! I liked him at first, when he didn't recommend that I get my wisdom teeth taken out unless I absolutely needed to, which I don't. I liked that--no surgery for me unless it's 100% necessary, thank you! And I hate those dentists who just recommend it no matter what. He was nice and friendly enough, and I didn't think twice about it.

But my second visit was for a cavity filling. It was my FIRST ever cavity, so I was nervous as all get out and had no idea what to expect. He didn't tell me ANYthing preceding the appointment, and I had to call and email a number of times just to get him to tell me some basics, like what to expect if A happens or what to expect if B happens. Then, after the actual filling (which turned out to be painless), he didn't tell me if I could eat, drink, brush my teeth, etc. I had to look it up online to find out what kind of filling I'd gotten (I was able to figure out that I'd gotten a white composite filling because he used a blue light) and therefore to figure out what I was allowed to do!

I would like to say, though, that during the actual filling, Dr. Walker was great. He told me step by step what he was doing, reassured me every few minutes because I was nervous, and seemed very sure of himself (which is a good thing when someone is drilling into your tooth!).

Overall, I really enjoyed my experience at Walker Dental. I would definitely recommend them, especially given the horror stories I've heard elsewhere. Be prepared to ask your own questions if you want information out of the dentist himself, but everything else about this place was great.

Also, as a side note, if you recommend a friend, they give you a $50 credit-- a nice bonus! You can use it toward toothbrushes, teeth whitening stuff, or bills.