Charlie's is the place to go. 

Outside:
There is the imposing, out-of-place facade of the building, complete with multicolored lights on the sign and just weird shit and sayings all over the place. It's the only place I've seen in Harvard Square that attempts no semblance of class whatsoever. They have a patio but you can't smoke out there.

Downstairs:
You walk in the door on the left, past the decrepit lobster tank (GOD knows why they have that) and seat yourself. I usually don't have trouble finding a booth or table to sit at, even during busy times. Our waitress came right up to us and was extremely friendly, and I have had the same great service outside AND at the bar! 

Food: 
The food is good, strong bar food at reasonable prices. A double cheeseburger with fries and a pickle is $5.25, and it tastes like a tasty burger should. I would recommend opting for waffle fries ($.50 extra) because their fries sort of look like uncooked Potato Stix. The specialty burgers are $8-10 and there are about a dozen or more. They also have vegan, veg, and fish options, all of which are pretty good. Salmon burger in particular. 

Drinks:
MIXED DRINKS ARE $3.75!!! Yes, they are! Tasty mixed drinks in a good sized glass for the lowest price I've found in this town. Thank heavens. Also, they have great beer, including a fine selection of Belgians. They even have a sampler for $5 where they give you 6 oz. of 4 different beers and a glass of water. I got this once and the bartender said "We're out of water, so you're getting another beer." I almost kissed her. (ps they were not out of water.)

Upstairs: 
I associate the upstairs with ordering a gigantic Hoegaarden in a special crispy glass that I love to hold and hold again. I also associate the upstairs with kids crowding the tables and loud music. It's hit or miss up there but that beer is so good. 

It's a great place to hang out with friends, or even just get dinner by yourself. Fun, funny, and awesome is Charlie's. They accept cards.