I've heard how everyone is raving. I read the news. But I have been meaning to try Hungry Mother for quite some time now, and a visit from out-of-towner Dad was a great excuse for such a nice dinner! 

When first walking into Hungry Mother, I did not know it was going to be so small and quaint! (Thank God! Because my Dad hates fancy schmanzy Boston Restaurants) Nestled inside of an old house, the homey decor was cozy and inviting but chic, like I made reservations for a family dinner that was about to blow my mind. 

Upon sitting, I was immediately asked by our fabulous waiter, "Describe to me the drink you would like to taste tonight in a few adjectives..." Oh! I thought, this is going to be good! How many restaurants can make mean cocktails?! Not many. And to begin with a cocktail was the start of something very very special. 

After giving the words "Bourbon" and "Smokey" off he went to deliver the news to the bartender. When he came back, my cocktail was a type of twist on a classic Manhattan, topped with liquid smoke. It was one of the best drinks I've ever had. My friend (who came along) ordered the drink of the day which had something to do with Louisiana in the title. Hers was sweeter but still delicious. We we're both really happy with our personalized selections.

We all ordered lots of plates. Of course we tried the skillet corn bread that was magically topped with some kind of browned butter. Everyone who goes here has to try it, it's delicious! We also started with a little plate of slivered radishes with an herby, creme fraiche topping and the market vegetable that was roasted cauliflower baked with a cheesy top. Both were so good!

Our main dish was the market fish that was baked in parchment with fresh vegetables (we ordered it for the kale!) and then performatively opened up on the table so that all of the steam oozed out in front of us while he topped it with a garlic butter sauce. Ohh dreamy!

Since I've now hit about five paragraphs I'll stop the descriptions and end because I've probably beat a dead horse or many of you have stopped reading already. So to wrap it all up, Hungry Mother was definitely one of my favorite dining experiences in Boston thus far. Both classic, cozy and delicious, I find myself very intrigued by their small, but seasonal menu wanting to bring friends for drinks and out-of-towners for dining. Also, I give it 5 stars because our waiter was quite a gem! He was so kind and thoughtful to even take a photo at the end of our meal for my jealous Mom back home! I would highly recommend Hungry Mother to anyone who wants a unique, but casual experience and supports local foods! Yum!