Unlike the pompous "poor" reviews we are seeing from some of these so-called "foodies" -- this restaurant is bringing some much needed class and character to tired Cambridge scene.  And as a side note to the reviewers who call the food uninspired, the head and sous chef from Upstairs on The Square frequent this classic and flavorful spot -- a testament to the unique, Europe-esque cuisine found at Russell House Tavern.  

I am constantly wishing there was a place in Cambridge where I felt comfortable trying anything on the menu, something like a Franklin Cafe but without the hassle of driving to Boston's empirical South End.  Tonight I had a special dinner here, sat by the window on a cool summer evening, and enjoyed literally every bite of food I tasted.  We started with a Torched Tuna -- a delicious, sashimi grade plate of tuna with basil, olive oil and generous flavors that was gone within seconds.  We were so impressed with the tuna we chose to almost double our order, having a Short Dirty Caesar with spicy anchovy croutons: a dish I would describe as flavorful but not heavy -- a terrific second course.

For Entrees, we enjoyed a Hearth Baked Pasta and Steak Frites, my personal favorite.  The pasta again combined a medley of flavors without being too heavy, but the real award winner was the side sauce served with the Frites -- a Garlic Aioli that was decadent and unmatched as a Frite dipping sauce.  I asked our waiter for the recipe.  We paired these entree's with a Mushroom Gratin side; simply unique and flavorful.  

Although the food was above my expectations for a restaurant that took over the uninspired Z-Square Cafe, the real show stealer was our waiter, Peter H.  Peter was calm, confident, and well informed about every item on the menu.  His demeanor and professionalism echoed that of the restaurant itself.  

Simply put, Cambridge is generally peddling shit as classy food.  Tory Row, Grafton Street, Om, Upstairs on the Square; all these places are charging Boston prices for suburban food.  They are ok places if the prices were more reasonable but generally nothing above your average higher-end chain spot.  Cambridge is not Boston and the restaurants solidify this dichotomy.  

Russell is a great place to relax, enjoy a mindfully created meal and world-class service.  Until Franklin Cafe relocates to Cambridge (hopefully in place of some uninspired, overpriced generic spot) I will frequent the RHT for a meal that opens my mind to new flavors at an appropriate price.  I hope they are here to stay.