After hearing me rave about the burger here for the past week, my boyfriend wanted to check this place out.  We went with two of his friends this past weekend and had the opportunity to check out more items off the menu.  This time was even better than the last. 

We started with their deviled eggs, which had a kick of heat to them (spicy, but tasty).  We also ordered a dozen oysters, which were very good (fresh).   We slurped them up quickly.  On to the entrees.  One of our friends had actually already eaten dinner a couple of hours earlier, so he wanted something light.  He ordered the Beet Salad with the crispy poached egg (from the small plates menu).  He said the Beet Salad and egg was really good.  He actually went on and on  about the Beet Salad  (and I don't think it was just the bourbon talking).  He seemed to really enjoy it.  Our other friend ordered the pork trio, which had pork belly, pork shoulder and some other pork (I forget which).  I tried a portion of each type of pork and damn, I think I will order this next time I go.  It was really good. 

As for my boyfriend and I....  he tried (and loved) the burger.  I also ordered the burger, this time with a side salad instead of fries.  I also got an order of the honey brussells sprouts to share with the table - - everyone was shocked that brussells sprouts could taste this good.  I think next time I'll pass on the side salad and just stick to the sprouts - they are really that good.  Weird, I know.  

The service was just OK - my boyfriend's burger was brought out with a side salad instead of the fries he had ordered, but that was quickly remedied (they left the salad, but brought out a large bowl of fries for the table....all the better for me to steal some.)   My only real gripe about the service was that it was slow and surley.   Our waitress seemed put out by our drink requests; she just seemed unhappy.  At one point, later in the evening when we were enjoying after dinner cocktails, I asked her, "are you trying to get out of here and are we keeping you?", thinking perhaps we were her last table and that would explain why she was so annoyed.  She said no, but didn't seem to change her attitude.  We still tipped her well, but honestly, after a $400 tab for dinner and many (many) drinks, would it kill you to smile? 

I won't ding the restaurant for one sourpuss waitress. The food was just too damn good.  It's funny, because we live in Somerville and all of us were saying "this place is what Foundry could have been, if only their food didn't suck..." (If you are local, you'll probably understand that statement).  The food here is just excellent.  Not pretentious, just tasty and varied.  I'm going to have to keep bringing friends here so I can try their entrees while still enjoying that amazing burger.   DAMN, that burger calls to me every time I come here.