This place is good - but overrated.  Don't get me wrong - I have been here a ton of times, I used to be one of these oogling fans on Yelp over this place back in college, and used to believe this was foodie haven, the absolute best in bringing the best flavors around the globe into one great local sandwich shop -- now I know: Zingerman's is 80% phenomenal  marketing and 20% good food.

It's not that the food isn't good, it is.  It's that the marketing is much much better - creating a loyal cult following believing this to be as good as food gets.  Let me tell you - this is not as good as it gets.  There are plenty of places in Detroit (yes, the same Detroit with the bad reputation and violence) that have just as good if not better food than Zingerman's not to mention wayyyy better prices.

Here's why their marketing is great, they tell you they find the best of the best to bring to Ann Arbor, yes - their peanut butter comes from Kalamazoo Michigan, and plenty of other grocery stores sell it, and sell it at half the price Zingerman's does.  They also tell you their gelato machine was bought in Italy to create the most authentic experience, well as it turns out their gelato sucks, it's nothing like Italian gelato I had in Italy.  They'll also sell you a cake "made from the finest extra virgin olive oil from Italy" - guess what, just add olive oil to any bread-like cake and you get the same thing.

One thing that is fantastic about this place is their service - if you have a sandwich you don't like, they will not hesitate to bring you another at no cost.  I've had to do this once.  Most of their stuff is pretty good, at least a good sized sandwich made from good quality ingredients.  As far as their breads - go to Avalon Bakery in Detroit, wayyy better.  

Bottom line, Zingerman's is good, but they try very hard to sell you an "experience" to make you feel really special about the place.  At the end of the day, if you're a true foodie, you can easily replicate a lot of their stuff at home, and find a local butcher with good meats.  As part of the experience they also set out samples, usually with some underpaid college student educating you about about how special that bread, cheese, olive oil, or vinegar is.  

And usually once you hear just how exotic their products are - you begin to buy into their "local" flavor.  In reality, Zingerman's would lose soo many fans by becoming a chain, so they just get around that by selling everything in their stores through a mail-order catalog to the entire country.

Try out Zingerman's, but don't be fooled by their "organic, authentic, local, and quality" marketing. Many foods are local, and there are many hole-in-the-wall places that offer truly authentic food from around the world at extremely cheap prices, organic flour is also not that expensive, so while this is nice once in awhile, it's not the height of civilization and culture.