I came here with my date on Friday night - I called around 6pm and was able to get a reservation for 9pm.  The front of the house seemed a little flustered and we sat at the table for a good 5 minutes without menus - however we were in no hurry and once the server noticed she was apologetic and friendly.

The restaurant offered a delicious looking tasting menu but we decided to stick to the regular menu.  I started with a lovely small plate made up of arugula, tomato, melted eggplant, and olives.  It was very pleasing to the eyes and in taste.  The boyfriend started off with a rabbit and ratatouille sausage spaetzle that looked as if it also had green peas and a white sauce.  It was incredibly delicious but fairly heavy.

For the large plates he went with the shell steak which was humongous!  It was served with creamy kale and mushrooms.  He barely put a dent in the thing and it served for a lovely lunch the next day.  I went with a black bass served over quinoa with almonds, soybeans, lime and perhaps mint??  I do not remember exactly but it was delicious and I cleaned my plate.  It was very light and I felt like I should have been fuller than I was given the size of the portion.

Of course we had to have dessert.  We ordered the creme brulee per the servers request.  It was very good and was unique in that it has an underlying layer of chocolate sponge cake.  Once again I was most pleased with my dish - and in this case so was my date.  I order a cheesecake served in a ramican topped with fresh grapefruit and meringue and what looked like bits of parsley.  It was such a divine combination!  Not too sweet, not too tart.  Oh man it was great.

The restaurant is very small inside but has a great feel.  The restaurant has only been open for 2 or 3 weeks so I have no fear that the servers will become more comfortable.  On my way out I promised to tell my friends so here it is!!

I am so happy that this restaurant has come to the neighborhood.  SoHa is an ever expanding playground of culinary art!  Keep it coming!