YESS!!!

That is an understatement of my love for this restaurant...Having graduated last May from USC but continuing to bum around the area, I am ecstatic about the opening of Jacks N Joe.

It took me a while to check this place out, but now that I have it has become a staple in the BF and my weekend routine.  In the countless times now that I've been here, I have actually only ever ordered the Combo 1 with the Pudgie Elvis pancakes (the combo itself is $8.50, plus $2 to substitute the world's most amazing pancakes for the, equally delicious I'm sure, buttermilk ones).  The combo includes two eggs, two sausage links or strips of bacon, breakfast potatoes, and two pancakes.  The eggs, sausage (which I usually order), and potatoes are all pretty standard diner fare...nothing special, but are perfectly prepared every time and hit the breakfast spot.  The Pudgie Elvis pancakes, however, are OUT OF THIS WORLD!!  

I'm a huge foodie and I have eaten my share of pancakes...I do not exaggerate when I say these are some of the best I've EVER had.  They are the perfect combination of sweet and a little savory (not so sugary that they leave that waxy feeling in the inside of my mouth, but enough so that they feel a little sinful to eat so early in the day).  They are fluffy, but not cakey.  The bananas are sliced and placed in perfect proportion on top as is the peanut butter sauce which is drizzled over the whole thing.  Positively delicious.  The orange juice and coffee are excellent as well.  Actually, the coffee is exceptional and comes with unlimited and frequent refills, always a plus.  I've sampled the BF's frequent selection, the DaKine French Toast (also fantastic), as well as the WTF?! Pancakes (yummy and definitely a different take on the traditional breakfast cake).

Considering how busy this place always seems to be, the service is outstanding!  My water and coffee are constantly being refilled, and it is with this same frequency that I am asked if I am enjoying my meal (always a "yes"!).  It is not the annoying, over eager kind of service that makes me feel like I need to scarf down my food and rush out of the place, rather it is sincere and welcoming.  Even when I have had to wait, it is never for too long, and from the second we are seated the service is prompt.  Inevitably, each time I visit I see the owner, Mark, on the floor helping the staff or greeting patrons.  Without fail he manages to make his way through each table to ask personally if we are enjoying the experience (again, always a "yes").

The decor is homey and inviting, with photos of dogs (some I presume to be the owner's) and area landmarks emblazoned on the wallpaper by the restrooms.  I've noticed some cool industrial elements as well...steel bleacher benches at some of the larger tables, tractor seats that serve as the chairs at the counter by the kitchen, and old license plates framing the mirrors in the restrooms.

Given the number of shitty and all too familiar fast-food chain restaurants along Figueroa, this place is a Godsend to the brunch crowd at USC, and heck to the foodies of LA!