I am bumping up my stars another .5. Since Yelp doesn't allow halfsies, I have to round up and I am comfortable with that. As I continue to review more and more, I try to be stingy with my 5 stars, but the experiences I've been having with NoRes has hit all points.

Shortly after my first visit and review of NoRes, I found out that they were nearby my office and I changed my plans for lunch to visit them. I already had a late brekky so I didn't plan on eating alot. I headed over mainly to give a little support to a foodtruck since trucks in downtown seem to be fading. It was funny to be recognized by Sheldon and his wife because of the review I had written a few days before. HAHAHA.

I was a little disappointed that the grilled cheese sandwich that was a special the previous week was no longer on the menu. Well my loss, it was a special after all. Instead, I scanned over their permanent menu as I chit chatted with Sheldon. He had already mentioned his favorites before and I kept reading and re-reading the menu, waiting for something to pop out at me. The Off the Hook wrap wiggled its little fish tail and caught my attention. I thought I would try a sample bite and be content with that.

Sheldon (that evil man) just grinned and said its his wife's favorite.

The Off the Hook wrap was simply marvelous. By the way, salmon is one of my least favorite fish to eat. I usually only eat it because its so readily available at eateries. One bite of it left me in fascination of what I was tasting. The wild salmon and basmati riceis prepared with lemon dill and added asparagus. Along with it is a wasabi aioli that took me by surprised. I even had to dissect my wrap to see what was inside to double check. The little fish roe were just perfection. I wound up eating the rest of the wrap with a spoon so I could get each little salty pellet with the salmon. I didn't want to waste a single bite of it. I wound up eating the whole thing because it tasted so good. The wrap was not heavy at all. 

I found out the mastermind behind some of, if not all, is Chef Tony inside the truck. I had to give him proper praise and thanked him. I turned and found Sheldon doing that mischievous grin he does. I knew I was in trouble.

Jin, have you tried one of our desserts? Cheesecake perhaps?

DAMMIT.

My wife is a pastry chef and these are all her creations.

DOUBLE DAMMIT.

I had a hard time choosing between the Key Lime and the Raspberry White Chocolate. I chose the latter. Very very good. So silky smooth was the texture. Because it came in a tiny little foil cup it likened itself to a rich pudding or budino. A nice surprise was the chocolate crumb on the bottom. I highly recommend their dessert. Look for it in their little window on the side.

I finally leave with this.... I read from other reviews that NoRes is slightly pricey. Yes, I would readily admit they aren't cheap food, but they make very good food. Some of the tastes and flavor profiles I am experiencing from NoRes would easily be charged $3 - $5 or more if they had their own brick and mortar bistro. Grab a Happy Meal if you're trying to scrimp and save on food.