While shopping at Guido Marcello last week I ran into chef Ricardo Zarate.  He told me to come check out his new Peruvian restaurant Mo-Chica downtown. Of course I went home and looked them up; after seeing the rave reviews I decided to check out his special tasting menu for my post birthday celebration! 

To see pictures from this wildly inventive tasting menu along with my full review you can visit my blog.

Mo-Chica is located in the Mercado La Poloma open air shopping center. Inside you'll find a number of hand made craft booths, a juice bar, and other restaurants. The markets surrounded by fake palm trees, and randomly strewn seats and tables.  Don't let the environment scare you away! I must admit I too had doubts that a restaurant located in such a humble environment would be able to pump out food equal to the 5 star hype.  But the meal that followed the initial doubt was otherworldly!   

Ricardo Zarate is IMO the Salvador Dali of the Peruvian food world.  All of my previous expectations regarding how good food can taste have now been redefined.  God built the world in 7 days, and Ricardo certainly perfected a 7 course tasting.  Perhaps by some divine intervention Buddha sat down with the Devil to come up with 7 awe inspiring dishes; and then Ricardo blackmailed them both to get the recipes.  

Onto the food

As soon as we sat at our table out came trays filled with delicious roasted kernels.  They were crunchy, oily , and addictive.  The best way I can describe them is to say they're like salty, savory, crunchy, Kellogg Corn Pops! 

Course 1: Locro Soup~What a luscious soup! It's made from Japanese pumpkin and had a sweet, buttery, creamy, tangy, and savory flavor. It put the pumpkin soup I had at Grace to shame. As it arrived we all looked at each other like how do we eat it...no spoons? Ya... were stupid like that, we expect spoons, but they set us straight by telling us to pick it up and drink it: it was divine!

Course 2: Causa~This little scallop dish can be best described as transcendental, and savagely sensual. The sweet scallops are coated with a tangy tomato glaze, sitting on top of a bed of savory potatoes. LOVED IT

Course 3: Tiradito~I'd never had a broth made out of Yozu tomatoes before, but now that I have I think it may just be the perfect pairing for fish.  I adore yellowtail belly, it's one of my favorite types of sashimi. It was so fresh, I'd be willing to bet it was cut from a whole fish moments before it was served. The tang of the Yozu reduction was sublime, and balanced the fatty fish exquisitely. 

Course 4: Seared Bluefin Tuna~OMG this course was seriously good! It was my second favorite dish of the night.  It's reduction is made by cooking the Chica Morado purple corn drink.  It was orgasmically unique.  ADORED IT

Course 5: Oxtail~This is the dish that Satan came up with, If I was broke and had a kid I'd sell him/her to get money to order it.  It was a large chunk of fatty Oxtail which had been cooked for 8 hours, sitting in barley Huancaino Risotto.  I swear, my eyes did circles in my head as I devoured it; and then sucked on the inner bone marrow. It fell apart, melting beneath my teeth like warm butter. 

Course 6: PIcarones~Pumpkin Doughnuts, with a Chancaca Honey dressing.  They were light and delicious, but simple compared to the other dishes.  

All of the food was remarkable, dreamy, unique, and inspired; if Mo-Chica existed in Peru I'd imagine people would flock to it in hordes. The staff was wonderfully warm and friendly, and they had a live band jamming all night long. After the meal we met Ricardo and picked his brain for a few minutes, he graciously answered all our many questions. I'm certain he'll do great things, he is clearly one of the most talented young chefs in the country. 

If you want a unique Peruvian meal make a reservation for one of Mo-Chica's special tastings, it's a whole level beyond the typical fare found at places like Marios.  Seriously...you'd be a fool not to check it out.  The entire the tasting was $35 before tax, drinks, and tip.  The next event is on Nov 19th.

Keep in mind Ricardo is only in the kitchen at Mo-Chica during lunch, and on Thursday nights.  I will definitely be back again before the 19th to try the regular menu!