I received a TravelZoo Voucher from my girlfriends for my bachelorette party back in March.  I finally tried to call in and schedule in July when I realized it was going to expire...only to find out I couldn't use it on Saturday. (the only day I could go)  I got put on hold and the manager Katie (or Kate) came on and said she could make an exception.  I was very pleased because I know businesses have to be pretty strict when it comes to those vouchers.  

Before going in, I visited yelp to read some reviews and suddenly got nervous because it only had 2.5 stars.  But was pleasantly surprised when I arrived for my appointment.  I did not find the lobby chaotic at all.  Yes, they are a business and were answering the phone and helping customers, which is normal.  I immediately got called back and was shown around, given a robe and sandals and instructions on what to do next.  After filling out info sheet, I met my massage therapist Melai.  She was very pleasant and great at her profession.  She also provided me with my Maui Salt Glow session.  I have never had one and she explained every step of the way and made me feel very comfortable.  I would definitely go back to see her again! Unfortunately, I did hear conversations through the wall so that was a bummer.  Not Melai's fault though.

Next, Melai guided me to a resting area and provided me with a glass of water.  That was where I found the source of the noise I heard through the walls.  One of their clients was having a conversation on their cell phone in the quiet area.  She did not even try to lower her voice when we walked in.  So after Melai stepped away, I kindly informed the lady that we could hear her conversation during my session.  Yes, the walls are kind of thin but, come on people, when it says quiet area, be QUIET!  

Stella, my estetician came and got me for my facial next.  She was funny and informative.  She helped me understand my skin a lot better and provided recommendations for ongoing care.  I didn't seem like an hour facial like it was supposed to be though...I don't know...I wasn't keeping time.  

Then I changed and went in for my manicure and parafin wax.  Trish was the manicurist.  She has been with Amadeus for 23yrs.  She was gentle and helped me understand what to do to care for my nails as they grow out from getting acrylics.  

Overall, I had a great day at the Spa.  I look forward to coming back as soon as I can.