I've always had a shameless addiction to reality television. I'm not talking about that feel good - let's build a house and fix a third-world child's cleft palate - reality television. I'm talking about - Snooki gets punched in the face, I'm addicted to eating couch cushions, let's overturn a table and call someone a prostitution whore - reality television. Nonetheless, reality shows featuring individuals with some semblance of discernible talent occasionally cross my television screen. This was the case last month while viewing a rerun of Bravo's Top Chef Masters. It was then that I learned the diminutive judge with a burly unibrow had a restaurant in midtown Atlanta - Empire State South was promptly added to my dining shortlist.   

Food: Empire State South specializes in southern fare with a contemporary twist. Although the menu is decidedly limited, the offerings are all incredibly well-executed and expertly presented. During my recent visit for brunch, I opted for the pimento cheese with bacon marmalade for an appetizer and the ham and pimento cheese sandwich for an entree. Both dishes were excellent. I also tried the banana loaf from the bread table, which proved to be the only real disappointment of the meal - the serving was miniscule and the bread was painfully dry and flavorless. 

Service: Friendly, knowledgeable, and efficient. Although each table is assigned a primary waiter, various member of the staff assist with food running and check processing. The owner, Hugh Acheson, was also in the house and was obliging patrons' photo requests. 

Atmosphere: I found the ambience to be generally enjoyable - with the exception of the brief instance when a Mexican window washer swung down out of nowhere, slammed his body against the window, and scared the hell out of everyone in the dining room. The restaurant itself is impeccably decorated, complete with a covered outdoor patio and bocce court.

Cost: I understand that midtown rent isn't cheap and I'm certainly willing to pay for high quality food. However, I still found Empire State South to be slightly overpriced for the quality and quantity of the offerings. I was also irked by the fact that they included a $1 charge on the bill for the extra toast points we requested with the appetizer. After dropping $50 for brunch for two, sans alcohol, I considered the additional charge to be awfully petty.

Other: First time visitors may have some difficulty finding the restaurant - it's located in the 999 building at the corner of Peachtree and 10th Streets. Validated parking is available in the garage directly adjacent to the Hotel Midtown, which is accessible from 10th Street. Reservations are a necessity on the weekends.