We've played Tommy's a couple times, once with awesome local hip-hop band Optimus Rhyme, and once with our favorite Portland band the Misfats. (I play bass with Stay Tuned, the 'ultimate television rock experience' -- basically we take old tv theme songs and rock them out: www.staytunedtheband.com). There are a couple things about Tommy's that REALLY stood out as different from many other local venues in town:

1) Since they don't have any parking of their own, they have arranged a parking deal for bands with a local business. Only the Showbox has done this for us. Considering the amount of traffic down in the U district, it is awesome that we can unload our gear, park, and get to setting up and prepping for a show.

2) The booking agent that we worked with, Stacie, was been the most professional, reliable, and friendly booking agent that we've worked with in Seattle. I just found out she moved to San Francisco and is booking down there. Seattle's loss...

Sound is done by a fellow who used to work at the Ballard Firehouse, which... I believe we were the last live act to play there before they closed. That's right. We CLOSED the Ballard Firehouse. He remembered us, which was pretty cool. I seem to remember he was a fan of Cheers. Who isn't. (See our video of cheers at the showbox for proof)

The stage is located right at the entrance, reducing the distance and potential hernia dramatically when carrying equipment in. It isn't huge, but it isn't tiny. Optimus Rhyme had at least 5 guys up there, including drum/bass/guitar so... ample space.

Tommy's location is prime. As many people came in to watch us who were just walking by at the time as there were fans. With the multitude of pool tables upstairs, there is an awesome built in crowd. I like that in a bar. It's rough playing an out-of-the-way place (or a dull place) with no built in crowd. Tommy's doesn't have either of those problems.

Bar is HUGE. Plenty of room to slide in and grab a drink. Dance/mosh area in front of the stage is also huge.

And I seem to remember that the bathroom, though small, didn't stink too bad. Kudos to that.