Heart is pumping.  Running wild.  Running scared.  Running... well, fuck it, just running.  Running from what?  To what?  Who knows.  Just running.  And what keeps you running?  MEAT.  Red meat.  Lots of it.  Fatty meat.

Fatburger is a landmark.  It's one of those places that you have to try at some point before you die.  And if you eat there, it may very well be listed as your cause of death, but don't worry, because your last thought will be "it was sooooo worth it."

You know, it's funny how you can go to different franchises that belong to the same restaurant chain and experience such varied results.  Well, this Westwood Fatburger location is by far the greasiest, fattiest, most disgustingly DELICIOUS Fatburger location to which I've ever ventured... and I've been to a few in my day.  THIS JUST OUT: Stay away from the location on Venice.  That place is terrible.  The one in Sherman Oaks is ok... but Westwood holds the crown for me.  Which is convenient, because it's pretty close to home.

You walk in... to a shithole.  This place looks like Paul Bunyan's asscrack after a night of eating buffalo chili.  But it doesn't matter.  Because you're here to eat.  To eat Fatburger.  The legendary.  The one.  The only.

You will remember your meal for years.  I remember one Fatburger meal specifically.  We bet a well-proportioned friend that he couldn't take down a Triple Kingburger Meal.  That's right, TRIPLE.  That's 1 1/2 pounds of beef.  Fries.  And a chocolate shake.  He puked.  It was awesome.  But damn if he didn't give it his best shot.  Priceless high school moments... ahhhh...

And the beautiful thing is that this place hasn't changed a bit since those old days.  Same menu (although they've added a veggie burger, turkey burger, and a few chicken sandos), same prices.  And they do it right.  Give me a greasy burger, with greasy fries (I'll take the steak fries extra crispy, thanks) and a shake (my preference is strawberry, but go for what you like... it's all about excess here).

Oh, and don't be a pussy health nut and get a Baby Fat... At least go for a Fatburger.  And if you're hungry, go for the Kingburger.  With cheese.  Add some bacon.  Hell, they'll even add an egg and chili if you want... did somebody say BREAKFAST???  Hell yes.

So I was torn on how to rate this place.  Do I give it 1 star because it's a dirty shithole of a restaurant that serves grease packaged as a burger?  I was close.  But no.  I'm giving this joint 4 stars, for being everything that you want when you're craving a nasty, greasy, deliciously fattening burger on the late night.