Plaid.

It's quite possible that I wear WAY too much of it. But, I love plaid, and you can never get too much of a good thing... right? I affectionately referred to this vintage store as "plaid central" upon walking through the front doors, and got a chuckle out of the man and woman working behind the counter. It was like the Pacific Ocean of checkered shirts.

Maybe it's because Texas, by and large, has a strong contingent of cowboys and ranch hands. Obviously, that scene isn't as prevalent in Austin, but I can only imagine that if I were to hop on my Razor Scooter and kick/push 30-50 miles in any direction, I'd encounter some of these hard workin' Americans. Forgive me for stereotyping, but many cowboy types wear plaid... and that's my theory as to why Cream has so many varieties of my favorite button-up shirt. If you're a like-minded fashionisto and dig your plaid shirts as well, you've pretty much hit the jackpot here. 

In addition to the shirts, they had a ton of great finds... ranging from knitted beanies to retro 60's polyester pants. In fact, I'm sporting a pair of brown Levi's from said generation right this moment, and they're quickly becoming my favorite pair of long shorts.

The store itself gets 4 stars out of me for their quality selection of threads and the fact that they have a seamstress on-site for custom alterations... but that fifth star comes courtesy of the unparalleled customer service I received. It was, very possibly, the best customer service I've ever experienced at a store of this nature.

I was chatting with the woman behind the counter about how I was in town for a friend's wedding and that I was on the hunt for a nice pair of slacks. Not only did she ask me questions about what I was looking for specifically, she literally hopped from behind the cash register and helped me pick out my pants! It was awesome. She gave me some great suggestions, and ultimately, I decided on purchasing a pair of pants that she picked out. Upon checkout, she invited me to a party with free beer at their new location on South 1st. Because of the wedding, I couldn't make it... but it was a nice gesture nonetheless.

Fab selection of clothes (fab--so '60s), parking in the back and bangin' TLC from employee to customer. That's how it's done, folks.