I'm from the MD/DC area, where there are Pho restaurants lining streets, and the pho there is perfect and absolutely delicious, providing the perfect broth, and bean sprouts, lime, and basil leaves on the side. I never thought that Ithaca had a good pho place at all in my 4 years living here, and was pretty much deprived of good pho. Saigon Kitchen was suggested to me by my boyfriend and after giving it a try, we loved it!

The first time (and so far only time) we went, it was around 6 on a Saturday and the place was packed. Luckily, we were able to get seated within 5 or 10 minutes, so maybe getting there around that time or a little earlier would be ideal. Some people who arrived later had to wait a little longer than we did. We started out with the summer rolls as an appetizer which I was a big fan of since I love summer rolls, though it might have had more noodle than other parts, like shrimp, that I would want more of. Then, we both ordered pho (beef broth noodle soups, as opposed to the pho ga - chicken broth), and WE BOTH THOUGHT IT WAS AMAZING. Almost exactly the broth from MD, and the bean sprouts etc on the side. The menu has a bunch of items other than pho (stirfried food, vegetarian dishes...can't remember all off the top of my head). As for price, it was slightly more expensive than the pho back at home ($8 vs. $6). I will admit, it isn't easy to find parking next to the restaurant. Parking along the streets, or parking a couple blocks down and walking might be the best option. BUT I SWEAR, I HAVE NO IDEA WHERE ELSE I WOULD GET PHO THIS GOOD IN ITHACA, so I would find any way to go to Saigon Kitchen and I just don't even care that it's slightly more expensive than I'm used to. Totally worth it. Of course, it's always good on a super cold day/night as Ithaca often gives us.

They also sell bubble tea (smoothie style) which is great - the tapioca is cooked perfectly and the texture of the tea is very smooth. We tried the avocado bubble tea, a flavor I had never tried before so I didn't have any other avocado bubble tea to compare it to, but it wasn't bad. Interesting to use this as a bubble tea flavor! Definitely able to taste the avocado flavor, and also a little sweet. I will say, my boyfriend enjoyed it a lot more than I did, probably because I prefer fruity flavors.

Anyway, we've only been to Saigon Kitchen once, but we will definitely be making more trips this winter for some deelish pho! And I hope to try some of their other dishes. Hopefully, the snow won't get in our way too much later!