i was hesitant about giving a car dealership 5 stars but really, i have had a fantastic experience here. i would most certainly recommend anyone to come here for a car (if they wanted a mazda or a vw)

here is how it went: my jag broke the rear driver's side ball joint. again. the friday before last. so mis and i went car shopping as i finally reached the point of not liking pouring money into a car more than i loved driving a car. 

we went to Northway Toyota first, our sales rep was nice and not too pushy but after trying the rav4 (didn't like it. the car was boring.) and sitting in the uber-cool FJ cruiser. (way too boxy, much less cool on the inside than on the out) and wanting to try the bug, it wouldn't start, battery was dead. so we went on...

i had searched online for a vehicle and found a really good deal at Martin Neemer for a honda element so we decided to go there next to try it out. turns out the owner took it home with him. the rep was apologetic about it but still, a car they listed online was not on the lot. i was irritated.

next we went to keeler, the mini dealership they didn't even acknowledge us until we went and said hello. i loved the mini but they didn't have any very good deals so we went to the honda part. there i tried an element (orange) and it was fine but the rep was really over the top and off-putting. so we decided to call it a day.

missy's husband adam had looked online and found some good deals on bugs at Cooley in East Greenbush tho so we decided to swing by on our way back. 

they were closed when we got there but we still walked around looking for the green one he had found online. out back we found it, it was unlocked so we got in and checked it out. i was instantly in love.  as we were walking back to the car, a young man came out and asked if he could help us. he was willing to go over information even tho it was a friday and they had closed 30 minutes earlier. i let him off the hook and said that i was interested but would come back monday.

to make this long story short, they gave me a great deal on it, less than the listed price on bluebook.com, they gave me money for the tradein on the jag, they gave me a loaner until the bug (that they had just gotten in) was ready for me. and they were Very friendly and helpful the entire time. 

this is the place to go for good service.

to