It's with great excitement that I appoint FIVE stars to Pampas and celebrate my 100th review!

Eating here is truly an experience.  As it was my first time at Pampas, we chose the Rodizio menu which allowed us full access to their side bar as well as an unlimited selection of meats. This is a fantastic place for a couple or for a group. Definitely expect to be there for a few hours.

What makes this experience fun is the variety of salads, vegetables and other dishes at the side bar as well as the magic red/green "button".  We joked that it was the easy button... as soon as you flip the button over from red to green, carvers in green chef jackets come to your table nearly immediately procuring different meats on large skewers.  Until you flip that "button" back, they will continue to come.  For larger pieces of meat you'll put to use the small personal tongs to grab the top portion while the carver completes his cut.


Our server came over and took our drink order. I thought I'd try out the Alma which resulted in an alcoholic smoothie. No, not thick - just reminiscent in taste. After this, I changed it up to a gin dirty martini.

Next their "bread" arrived at the table consisting of crispy polenta, a cheesy roll/biscuit, and a fried panko crusted banana. 

After filling my plate at the side bar with baby spinach salad, red and yellow beets, julienned carrots and a banana vinaigrette, tabbouleh,  grilled peaches, sautteed button mushrooms, hearts of palm, Spanish olives, collard greens, balled watermelon with a hint of fresh mint, and mashed potatoes that I could've sworn were perfectly whipped with coconut milk; I returned to our table, flipped the "button" over and tried the Lombo (spicy pork tenderloin). As it was slow roasted, the juices and flavor was amazing. Next up was the Fraldinha (skirt steak with an onion herb marinade)... again aromatic and perfectly cooked.  That was quickly followed by the Sirloin filet with garlic and herbs, Tri-tip, and Presunto (black forest ham with grilled pineapple).  When the  Frango Picante (chicken legs marinated with garlic and spices) and Frango (chicken legs) came by.. I had to decline.  

Are you kidding me, I would've LOVED to try it however did you read everything I ate? 

So I found a skosh more room.  I had a double espresso and their chocolate torte with caramel ice cream (HEAVENLY) and a brazil nut toffee with bacon and smoked sea salt. See, I wouldn't have consumed any more... but bacon was mentioned. I'm a sucker for bacon.

Turns out I chose well... the toffee was amazing, the caramel ice cream was stupendous.  The torte itself, meh - nothing to write home about, but the aforementioned made up for that. 

Our server, whose name escapes me at the moment! was fantastic; funny, confident and good looking. :)


Needless to say, I left absolutely satisfied.