Fuck, this place is awesome. Affordable, fast, and good. The only problem? Erratic business hours. Mediterranean Café is open Monday through Friday from 11 to 7, on Saturday from 11 to 3, and is closed on Sundays. It's obvious that this place has made a lot of money because dinner service is practically non-existent. And you know what? They fucking mean it when they say if you come within the last 40 minutes you can only order takeout. Luckily the wife and I made it in at 6:05 - although, eating while the workers are cleaning around you can be a bit off-putting. 

For nOobs, the menu can be a little tricky. However, in general, the meat dishes such as the kebabs and chicken shawerma are served with meat on top of a bed of seasoned rice with sides of hummus, Greek salad, pita bread, garlic spread, and hot sauce. To be honest, I don't know what the rest of the menu is like because the wife and I tend to favor meat over rabbit food. 

Regardless, we have been trying to eat healthy, so we both ordered chicken dishes. She ordered the chicken kebab and I ordered the chicken shawerma. The chicken kebab plate is served with two skewers of chicken breast that are marinated with lemon, garlic, and various spices. I don't know if it had to do with the fact that we arrived during the last hour of business, but the chicken was really dry. While the chicken kebab was disappointing, the chicken shawerma was really tender and delicious. Once again, for the nOobs out there, shawerma is basically bits and pieces of sporadically sliced marinated chicken in garlic and spices. 

Aside from the pita that tasted store bought and the lame Greek salad consisting of lettuce and a couple chunks of tomato with an olive oil based dressing, the complimentary sides and condiments that came with our food were pretty good. I really enjoyed the seasoned rice with noodle bits in it and the hummus tasted home-made. Also, their garlic spread was really flavorful and reminded me of the spread at Zankou Chicken. However, my favorite add-on was their surprisingly savory hot sauce. That shit made everything taste better. In fact, I ended up mixing it in with my rice, my hummus, and my chicken. 

In addition to the sides that came with our dishes, we ordered a large tabbouleh and a tzatziki. The tabbouleh, which is basically chopped parsley, mint, bulgur, and seasoning was really fresh. And the tzatziki, which is a yogurt mixed with cucumbers and spices, was really cool and refreshing. 

At the end of the day, Mediterranean Café serves really good cuisine - that is when they are fucking open. And speaking of end of the day, my suggestion is not to come here at the end of the day. 

*Mediterranean Café is definitely more of a lunch/takeout establishment than a full-on restaurant. 

**There is limited seating and when it gets busy it will get really claustrophobic. Oh yea, and if there is a line, good luck getting a refill.