Schtate of Zeh Art! 

This is exactly what I will now be calling, my home away from home. It's about time Houston got it right in the way of gyms. Sometimes it's not about the equipment and clientele. Sometimes it's all about the ENTIRE experience. And this place spares no expense or detail. There are ONLY 2 Signature Clubs in America from LA Fitness and this is one of them. Oddly, but thankfully, the second one is being built in Greenway Plaza and is set to be finished in 2010. 

This place goes hard on so many levels, literally... 3 to be exact. 

Floor #1 
Full Court Hard wood Basketball room. 3-Lane Olympic style lap pool. 16ft x 8ft Jacuzzi. Arobic/Yoga/Boxing/Dance Room. The Locker rooms are fitted with Q-tips, Hair dryers, Digital Lockers, Hand Lotions, Clothes dryer, and of course showers, which are VERY clean with GREAT water pressure. Body soap, Shampoo and Conditioner dispensers included. Not to mention a Dry Sauna. Its more of a lounge than a locker room and I will be spending a lot of time on this floor. 

Floor #2 
This is the entrance level, Front desk with smiling faces, All the newest treads, bikes, climbers and all your not so typical cardio equipment, except for each and EVERY machine has its own LCD screen to watch whatever it is, that keeps your mind off the burn. They also have a full Juice bar w/ snacks and even REAL food if your into that sort of thing. Also a very large area with couches and tables so that you can eat, chat or conduct business all in comfort. Also a Cycle room as well as an additional room for more of the personal - one on one fitness training programs. They have a very nice child care facility for the Mommas and Papa's and the room that they have allocated for this, looks pretty fun for the kiddo's! 

Floor #3 
This floor is for all your strength training. PLENTY of room to be able to breathe and more than enough equipment to keep you busy for hours upon hours. If there is a new machine on the market, this floor has at least 5 of them. You also have 4 Racquet ball courts on this level and if you haven't played before, I HIGHLY recommend because it's really fun and a great workout. This floor gives you the peace and opportunity to lift without the "oops my bad for bumping into you" or "your in my way" mishap's that are all too common in gym's. It's very spread out. 

I could go on and on about this place... The free towel service, the cleanliness, the HUGE spaces it provides, the ambiance, the simplicity but I would rather you check it out for yourself. 

If your debating about starting a membership somewhere and the medical center isn't that far of a drive for you than this place is a must see/ must join. I feel that this is the best gym in Houston. Even better than Fit or the Met and definitely better than Lifetime.

I'm not sure of the pricing but I am sure that it isn't too expensive. Maybe $40 to 60 a month, maybe more??. I just started my membership yesterday and only because I used to date a girl that works for LA, I pay next to nothing. That being said, even if I didn't get a discount, I would have absolutely, still joined!
 
I Highly Recommend!