Like other reviewers, my only (slight) qualm with Island is that it can get pretty crowded during peak times (like right at 5/5:30pm on weekdays), but come on, it's a gym--that's to be expected! If you wait a few minutes, someone will inevitably walk out and you can snatch their parking spot (or just burn some extra calories and park down the street...a win win!). Though my first choice of cardio machine might be taken during those peak times, there are always other machines available and the turnover is fairly quick. There is an extensive collection of weights down on the main floor, but if that's a little too much of a sausage fest for you, there are more behind the cardio machines on the second floor and also in the women's weight room. 

As the wife of a Cornell business school student, I was delighted when the new member associate offered me the student discount. For Ithaca, the membership fee might be considered high, but even without the discount, this is still far less than I paid for a gym membership before we moved here. It is SO nice to get away from campus and actually feel like you're in a real gym in a real city. The building is fairly new, with great views of the inlets off the lake, and they seem to take care of it really well (machines rarely have an out of order sign, everything is spotless, and there are disinfecting spray bottles everywhere). The women's locker room is bright and clean and there are always empty lockers available. I rarely shower there, but the showers and steam/sauna facilities always appear to be in tip-top shape. There is a little cafe near the entrance if you want to grab a drink or snack, and there are some comfy couches where you can hang out if you're like me and have friends who inexplicably take 45-minute showers.

I'm the kind of gal who needs fitness classes to motivate me to go to the gym and actually work my butt off for an hour. The classes are offered at all times--6am, midday, and of course after work, as well as Saturday and Sunday mornings. I most frequently attend BodyPump and the various spinning classes that are offered. Overall, the instructors I've had have been fantastic (there is one BodyPump instructor that I'm not a huge fan of, so I simply don't go to her classes). Some of the spinning classes can get super packed, so I would definitely recommend getting to the front desk to grab your ticket and reserve your bike half an hour before the class begins. The instructors are responsible and if they need to miss a class, they let you know ahead of time and will find a substitute. I've never been to a class where the instructor just didn't show up.

I do wish that Island wouldn't schedule yoga classes in the main studio at the same time that there are spinning classes in the spin studio. Since they are right across the hall from each other and the music carries easily, it means that the spin studio door has to be shut. The spin studio is small and so with 30 people crammed in there, it gets hot REALLY FAST and turns into a bona fide sweat lodge, and goodness knows there will inevitably be someone who views deodorant as optional. It would also be great if Island would mount some rotating fans from the upper wall/ceiling area instead of just relying on floor fans to circulate the air. I have enough trouble focusing and staying on the bike when I'm sweating that profusely--I don't need my nose assaulted as well.

So overall, being a member of Island Fitness has been a wonderful experience and in my mind, well worth the monthly fee. Consider it a good investment in yourself!