I had a very solid dinner at Eno last night with a friend visiting from out of town.

The bread service, as others have noted, was somewhat disappointing. We were served small cubes of focaccia at room temperature. Meh. Not much to react to positively or negatively here.

But, I was hardly at Eno for the bread.  And things only improved from there.

Unlike others who have reviewed Eno, I don't believe that I have the right to march into a restaurant and drink on a free wine card without ordering food. 

C'mon folks. This is a business they're running here.  Not a free wine charity for cheap people. Quit being so chintzy and then writing bad reviews when you're rerprimanded by the house for soaking them at the bar on a free wine card without ordering any food.

I started dinner with the house made charcuterie plate which had three very well cured and flavored  types of pork. My dining partner had a wonderfully tender sous vide octopus appetizer.

Our server mentioned to us as we ordered that the kitchen had obtained a wonderful organic, naturally fed  pig from Berkshire Farms that was being presented in three forms. We each opted for this dish which consisted of a wonderfully unctious piece of slow braised pork belly, a garlicky house made sausage, and a roasted piece of loan sliced moderately thin with an ample layer of fat to protect its delicate moisture from the cooking process.

Apparently only three restaurants in the country were the beneficiaries of this porcine prince that we were offered, so I felt quite lucky to have partaken of him.

All I can say is that Chef Eli really knows how to cook his pork. Everything on the plate, from the pork to the accompanying greens to the slightly sweet reduction dotted around the plate was a wonderful combination of ric and complementary textures and flavors.

For dessert, while I was inclined to see if I could convince the Chef to recreate that popcorn dusted raspberry circus disaster from his next to last show on Top Chef (thank God Robin was still around for that one), I decided to behave and settled for a light as a feather white espresso cake served with ann incredibly rich Mascarpone ice cream. My friend had a perfect little pistachio cake pyramid served with an excellent and equally rich Saybayon.

A three course for two, with a couple of beers each and coffee with dessert, including tip ,was $150. Not a cheap dinner. But based on the technical skill of the kitchen and the quality of products used in our dinner, it seemed a good value to me.

Service was just right. Engaging and attentive, but not overbearing, allowing us to let him know when we needed something rather than hovering over our table in anticipation of our needs.

As others have noted, Eno is not about large portions. It is about outstanding preparations of extremely high quality food. In that regard, our dinner was a great success.