Ok, new favorite Sushi restaurant. Sushi place by Japanese owners. Nuff said. I'm not knocking on other non-japanese owned sushi bars, but somethings are better in the hands of the people who created it. 

Came here with the GF last Friday night after a last second ditch effort to go to NODA down the street, BEST decision I made all day. The wait was about 15mins, the tables were filled. but the line wasn't that excessive. 

Hostess is a old Japanese obaasan who's (as agreed upon by GF & I)  too cute. Toooo Cute. Very friendly and very traditional with greeting, introduction and overall interaction. 

Waiter was friendly, prompt, and efficient. 

FOOD?? Well the food was simply AMAZING! 

Chirashi with tempura: the fish was fresh and cut to perfection, not big nor small. The presentation is beautiful in a rectangular box and the tempura is nice and crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. The dipping sauce was a little bit on the bland side, but that's ok, the tempura itself was very tasty. 

The quality of the fish is something else. judging by the pictures on the wall, they often feature freshly caught local fish (tuna, yellow tails, etc). 

Oh and they had blue fin toro! $15 for 2 piece of sushi. Oh shit! I just shitted myself thinking about. Never have i tasted anything quite like it at any other sushi restaurant. The way the fish melts, the taste of clean fatty fish is simply amazing! simply exquisite! If you've never tired it, if you like buttery fish, try it!

Although the Salmon sashimi was very delicious and buttery, GF claims she's had better else where. Hard to believe her. =). The portion is small. as in quantity wise. But with quality that high it's hard to dismiss their portion. The presentation again is very nice. Better then others. 

Seaweed salad is one of the best if not THE best we've had. Period. Very nice and mild, not overly masked by heavy loads of dressing (ponzu). Nice touch of sesame oil and a nice mix of different kinds of seaweed. Most use the string cut seaweed, but they add several variety that gives it a nice mix and palate pleaser. 

GF had their Philly Roll (wit cheese, duh). Normally I hate Philly rolls because I think it's a great way for a restaurant to use cheap cuts of fish and mask it with the overpowering taste of cream cheese. However, after much resistance, I was forced to swallow on and oh was it delicious. Still not a terrible fan of Philly rolls in general, but it was mighty tasty! 

oh they also serve ORGANIC GREEN TEA!! Look, I know a thing or two about TEA, my family is a TEA, I come from a family of TEA and danggit they serve one hell of a cut of Ocha. Very smooth with no sappy after taste as you're accustomed to with other cheap/mixxed green tea. It really clears the palate so you may enjoy other exquisite bits of food. 

This place is pricier then most other sushi places. But given the quality, service and overall delight of the place. I Love it! 

Cheers, 
-Herbal Tea 

R.I.P - W.W. 108  =(