Sandwiches seem to very popular nowadays, and Corner Bakery has some of my favorites.  I have eaten at this Corner Bakery many times and I have enjoyed it each time.  My favorite sandwiches (or paninis) to get are the Chicken Pesto, the Corned Beef Reuben, and the Chicken Pomodori.   I typically get the as part of the 'Corner Combo', which includes half a sandwich (or panini), a soup or salad, chips, and a pickle.  I always get the soup, and rotate between the Chicken Tortilla and the Baked Potato depending on what they have that day.  The chips are regular kettle chips, and complement the meal well.  The pickle, is a pickle.  

I do have a few issues with Corner Bakery.  The first being that they give you hardly any meat on their sandwiches. The sandwiches taste really good, but to be considered great they need to add some more meat!  The second thing is that they charge you $1.99 for a regular fountain drink.  That is rather expensive for a drink, and between this and the lack of meat on their sandwiches, some of my friends do not like to go here.  Their desserts are also really expensive for what you get.  I would rather just go down to Diddy Riese and get a Cookie Sandwich for half the price.  Anyway, this is just me being nit picky, and has never stopped me from wanting to eat here.

This particular Corner Bakery is the most crowded that I have ever been to, and it can be hard finding a seat during lunch.  I wouldn't even bother coming here with a group of more than 4 during the lunch rush because I have had trouble even finding a table for two.  However, if it wasn't good than it wouldn't be so crowded is how I look at it.

Overall, Corner Bakery offers a really quality 'fast food' dining experience, but could definitely use some improvement.  The sandwiches lack meat (yet are big on flavor), the drinks and desserts are expensive for what you get, and it always seems to be hard to get a seat here.  Even with these things, this is one of my favorite spots in Westwood to eat.  It is not a preferred spot for some of my friends, but I still drag them here.  I find myself eating here a lot and I do enjoy it every time.