Run, don't walk, to Saffron. It's seriously fantastic. We dined here after my mother-in-law saw a 4.5 star review in the local rag, a write-up so dreamy it could have been written by Saffron's PR person. Having been there now, it all makes sense - and I'm only left wondering why they were gypped out of that final half star.

On entering the restaurant, our senses were assaulted (in a good way). The furniture is imported from India and paired with absolutely sumptuous decor. The bar area is beautiful. The colors are glorious. And oh, the smells! If you aren't hungry when you arrive at Saffron, you will be when you experience the aromas wafting out of the kitchen.

We placed our order and kicked back with bottles of Kingfisher, my late Indian grandfather's beverage of choice ("Most thrilling chilled", I think the ads used to say). After only a few minutes, our server appeared apologetically with complimentary poppadums and chutneys since our appetizer hadn't yet shown up. Restauranteurs, take note: this is called 'delighting the customer'. We weren't in the least bit dissatisfied at this point, but we eagerly and gratefully devoured our free snack. 

We started out with the vegetarian sampler appetizer. Everything was delicious, especially the aloo tikka channa chaat (potato-ey chickpea goodness). 

Joel then plumped for the tandoori mixed grill, while I had the murgh tikka masala. And we couldn't help but order the mixed bread basket, choosing garlic, rosemary and mint naans as our three options.

I usually steer clear of tikka masala, but I thought I should try what the menu described as their 'signature sauce' - and boy, was I glad I did. It was outstanding. And while all the breads were good, the rosemary version was one of the more delicious naans I've ever had. Joel was excited about everything on his plate too - the lamb dishes (chop and kebab) were particularly strong in my opinion.

We had no room for dessert of course, but grabbed handfuls of paan on the way out to aid our digestion. 

Saffron is one of the more expensive Indian restaurants I've been to. Joel paid, but I'd guess it was probably in the $100 range after tax and tip. I'm 100% OK with that though. This was one of the best meals I've had in the Triangle, and you wouldn't think twice about paying that amount for, say, a great French or Italian meal. It's time to stop thinking of Indian food as only worthy of rock-bottom prices. Sometimes you get what you pay for, people.